Question: Which American-born Sinclair won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930? Answer: Sinclair Lewis
Question: Where in England was Dame Judi Dench born? Answer: York
Question: In which decade did Billboard magazine first publish and American hit chart? Answer: 30s
Question: From which country did Angola achieve independence in 1975? Answer: Portugal
Question: Which city does David Soul come from? Answer: Chicago
Question: Who won Super Bowl XX? Answer: Chicago Bears
Question: Which was the first European country to abolish capital punishment? Answer: Norway
Question: In which country did he widespread use of ISDN begin in 1988? Answer: Japan
Question: What is Bruce Willis' real first name? Answer: Walter
Question: Which William wrote the novel Lord Of The Flies? Answer: Golding
Question: Which innovation for the car was developed by Prince Henry of Prussia in 1911? Answer: Windshield wipers
Question: How is musician William Lee Conley better known? Answer: Big Bill Broonzy
Question: How is Joan Molinsky better known? Answer: Joan Rivers
Question: In which branch of the arts is Patricia Neary famous? Answer: Ballet
Question: Which country is Europe's largest silk producer? Answer: Italy
Question: The VS-300 was a type of what? Answer: Helicopter
Question: At which university did Joseph Goebbels become a doctor of philosophy? Answer: Heidelberg
Question: Which prince is Queen Elizabeth II's youngest son? Answer: Edward
Question: When did the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses say the world would end? Answer: 1914
Question: Who found the remains of the Titanic? Answer: Robert Ballard
Question: Who was the only Spice Girl not to have a middle name? Answer: Posh Spice
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Algeria? Answer: DZ
Question: How did Jock die in Dallas? Answer: Helicopter accident
Question: What star sign is Michael Caine? Answer: Pisces
Question: Who wrote the novel Evening Class? Answer: Maeve Binchy
Question: Which country does the airline Air Pacific come from? Answer: Fiji
Question: In which branch of the arts does Allegra Kent work? Answer: Ballet
Question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Billy, Don't Be A Hero