Question: Which American-born Sinclair won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930? Answer: Sinclair Lewis
Question: Where in England was Dame Judi Dench born? Answer: York
Question: In which decade did Billboard magazine first publish and American hit chart? Answer: 30s
Question: From which country did Angola achieve independence in 1975? Answer: Portugal
Question: Which city does David Soul come from? Answer: Chicago
Question: Who won Super Bowl XX? Answer: Chicago Bears
Question: Which was the first European country to abolish capital punishment? Answer: Norway
Question: In which country did he widespread use of ISDN begin in 1988? Answer: Japan
Question: What is Bruce Willis' real first name? Answer: Walter
Question: Which William wrote the novel Lord Of The Flies? Answer: Golding
Question: Which innovation for the car was developed by Prince Henry of Prussia in 1911? Answer: Windshield wipers
Question: How is musician William Lee Conley better known? Answer: Big Bill Broonzy
Question: How is Joan Molinsky better known? Answer: Joan Rivers
Question: In which branch of the arts is Patricia Neary famous? Answer: Ballet
Question: Which country is Europe's largest silk producer? Answer: Italy
Question: The VS-300 was a type of what? Answer: Helicopter
Question: At which university did Joseph Goebbels become a doctor of philosophy? Answer: Heidelberg
Question: Which prince is Queen Elizabeth II's youngest son? Answer: Edward
Question: When did the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses say the world would end? Answer: 1914
Question: Who found the remains of the Titanic? Answer: Robert Ballard
Question: Who was the only Spice Girl not to have a middle name? Answer: Posh Spice
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Algeria? Answer: DZ
Question: How did Jock die in Dallas? Answer: Helicopter accident
Question: What star sign is Michael Caine? Answer: Pisces
Question: Who wrote the novel Evening Class? Answer: Maeve Binchy
Question: Which country does the airline Air Pacific come from? Answer: Fiji
Question: In which branch of the arts does Allegra Kent work? Answer: Ballet
Question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Billy, Don't Be A Hero? Answer: Bo Donaldson & The Heywoods
Question: Banting and Best pioneered the use of what? Answer: Insulin
Question: Who directed the movie La Dolce Vita? Answer: Federico Fellini
Question: Which country does the airline LACSA come from? Answer: Costa Rica
Question: Who directed 2001: A Space Odyssey? Answer: Stanley Kubrick
Question: Which is the largest of the Japanese Volcano Islands? Answer: Iwo Jima
Question: Ezzard Charles was a world champion in which sport? Answer: Boxing
Question: Who was the first woman to make a solo flight across the Atlantic? Answer: Amelia Earhart
Question: Which port lies between Puget Sound and Lake Washington? Answer: Seattle
Question: In which city were Rotary Clubs set up in 1905? Answer: Chicago
Question: Who became US Vice President when Spiro Agnew resigned? Answer: Gerald Ford
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Billy Crystal born? Answer: 1940s
Question: Which George invented the Kodak roll-film camera? Answer: Eastman
Question: Which series had the characters Felix Unger and Oscar Madison? Answer: The Odd Couple
Question: Who along with Philips developed the CD in the late 70s? Answer: Sony
Question: Where is the multinational Nestle based? Answer: Switzerland
Question: Do You Know Where You're Going To? was the theme from which film? Answer: Mahogany
Question: 19969 was the Chinese year of which creature? Answer: Rat
Question: In the 90s how many points have been awarded for finishing second in a Grand Prix? Answer: 6
Question: Stapleton international airport is in which US state? Answer: Colorado
Question: What was Kevin Kline's first movie? Answer: Sophie's Choice
Question: Which actor had a Doberman Pinscher called Kirk? Answer: William Shatner
Question: What day of the week was the Wall Street Crash? Answer: Thursday
Question: The US signed a treaty with which country to allow the construction of the Panama Canal? Answer: Columbia
Question: What was Prince's last No 1 of the 80s? Answer: Batdance
Question: Man In The Mirror first featured on which Michel Jackson album? Answer: Bad
Question: Where was the first battle with US involvement in the Korean War? Answer: Suwon
Question: On which Caribbean island did Princess Diana spend he first Christmas after her divorce was announced? Answer: Barbuda
Question: In which decade was Arnold Schwarzenegger born? Answer: 1950s
Question: Which musical featured the song Thank Heaven for Little Girls? Answer: Gigi
Question: The Queen Elizabeth liner was destroyed by fire in the 70s in which harbour? Answer: Hong Kong
Question: What breed of dog did Columbo own? Answer: Basset hound
Question: What was the first movie western called? Answer: Kit Carson
Question: Which Oscar-winning actress was born on exactly the same day as actress Lindsay Wagner? Answer: Meryl Streep
Question: Which Amendment to the Constitution brought in prohibition in 1920? Answer: 18th
Question: Which oil scandal hit the US in 1924? Answer: Teapot Dome Scandal
Question: Phil Collins appeared in which Spielberg film with Robin Williams? Answer: Hook
Question: 1998 was the Chinese year of which creature? Answer: Tiger
Question: Which country does musician Alfred Brendel come from? Answer: Austria
Question: Theodore Francis international airport is in which US state? Answer: Rhode Island
Question: In which soap did Demi Moore find fame? Answer: General Hospital
Question: To the nearest million, what is the population of London, England? Answer: 7 million
Question: What did Clarice Cliff create? Answer: Pottery
Question: Which James Bond film features a song by Louis Armstrong? Answer: On Her Majesty's Secret Service
Question: In what year were US ground troops first dispatched to Vietnam? Answer: 1965
Question: In 1999 Anna Kournikova signed a lucrative contract to model what? Answer: Bras
Question: Which member of the Monkees came from Washington DC? Answer: Peter Tork
Question: Which ship was sunk by a German submarine in 1915 with a loss of 1400 lives including 128 Americans? Answer: Lusitania
Question: In what decade were video recorders first developed? Answer: 50s
Question: Who had the noels Spy Hook and Spy Line published in the 80s? Answer: Len Deighton
Question: the first credit cards were for use in what type of establishments? Answer: Restaurants
Question: In which country was Ursula Andrews born? Answer: Switzerland
Question: What was CBS TV news broadcaster Walter Cronkite's stock closing phrase? Answer: And that's the way it is
Question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Let Your Love Flow? Answer: Bellamy Brothers
Question: Which state renewed Mike Tyson's boxing license in 1998? Answer: Nevada
Question: Neil Armstrong was a pilot in which war? Answer: Korean
Question: Which English-born US citizen hosted Masterpiece theater? Answer: Alistair Cooke
Question: Nickelodeon was founded in 1979 by which company? Answer: Warner Amex
Question: Which element along with polonium did the Curies discover? Answer: Radium
Question: In The Banana Splits what sort of animal was Snorky? Answer: Elephant
Question: Who had an 80s No 1 hit with Can't Fight This Feeling? Answer: REO Speedwagon
Question: Which parallel was the truce line in the Korean War? Answer: 38th Parallel
Question: On a computer keyboard which letter is between A and D? Answer: S
Question: Which musical featured the song Flash Bang, Wallop? Answer: Half
Question: What was Hitchcock's first sound movie? Answer: Blackmail
Question: Which newspaper did Jackie Kennedy work for just before her marriage? Answer: Washington Times Herald
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Turkey? Answer: TR
Question: Who wrote The Turn Of The Screw in the 19th century and The Ambassadors in the 20th? Answer: Henry James
Question: Which American nuclear submarine was the first to sail across the North Pole under the ice cap? Answer: Nautilus
Question: What was John Glenn/'s first spacecraft called? Answer: Friendship 7
Question: Which branch of medicine is concerned with disorders of the blood? Answer: Haematology
Question: Where was The Iron Triangle? Answer: Vietnam
Question: What is the correct name of laughing gas? Answer: Nitrous oxide
Question: What is the distance between bases on a little league baseball field? Answer: 60 feet
Question: How many home runs did baseball great Ty Cobb hit in the three world series in which he played? Answer: None
Question: In cross-country bike racing, what do the initials BMX represent? Answer: Bicycle moto x (cross)
Question: After retiring as a player, with what team did baseball great Babe Ruth spend one year as a coach? Answer: The Brooklyn Dodgers in 1938
Question: What is the maximum weight permitted for calves in rodeo calf-roping competition? Answer: 350 pounds. The minimum is 200 pounds
Question: What baseball player hit the only home run of his 212-year major league career off his own brother? Answer: Joe Nickro in 1976. Nickro, a pitcher with the Houston Astros, hit a four-bagger off his brother Phil, who was pitching fro the Atlanta Braves. Houston won the game, 4-3
Question: Brooks Robinson and Carl Yastrzemski hold the major league baseball record for playing the greatest number of seasons with the same team. How many years did they play-- and with what teams? Answer: 23 years. Third baseman Robinson played with the Baltimore Orioles from 1955 to 1977; Carl Yastrzemski, outfielder/first baseman, played with the Boston Red Sox from 1961 to 1983
Question: Under the rules outlined in the charter of the International Olympic Committee, how much pure gold must there be in each gold medal awarded to first-place winners? Answer: At least 6 grams. Silver medals must be at least .925 sterling silver
Question: Who was the famous great-great-grandfather of San Francisco 49er quarterback Steve Young? Answer: Mormon leader Brigham Young
Question: How many of the four Grand Slam trophies in tennis are gold; how many are silver? Answer: Only the Wimbledon trophy is gold; the others--for the U.S. Open, the French Open and the Australian Open--are sliver
Question: "What breakfast food gets its name from the German word for ""stirrup""?" Answer: The Bagel
Question: What popular drink did a Dutch medical professor produce in his laboratory while trying to come up with a blood cleanser that could be sold in drugstores? Answer: Gin
Question: On what vegetable did an ancient Egyptian place his right hand when taking an oath? Answer: The onion. Its round shape symbolized eternity
Question: What American city produces most of the egg rolls sold in grocery stores in the United States? Answer: Houston Texas
Question: Italy leads the world in pasta consumption with 61.7 pounds eaten per person per year. What country is second? Answer: Venezuela, where the annual pasta consumption is 27.9 pounds
Question: When Birdseye introduced the first frozen food in 1930, what did the company call it/ Answer: Frosted food
Question: Which 100-mile long waterway links the Mediterranean and the Red Sea? Answer: Suez Canal
Question: In which country is the Aswan Dam? Answer: Egypt
Question: Where did Idi Amin rule from 1971-1979? Answer: Uganda
Question: Which country has the rand as its currency? Answer: South Africa
Question: What is the former name of the People's Republic of Venin? Answer: Dohomey
Question: In which country are Tangier and Casablanca? Answer: Morocco
Question: Who was the Egyptian president who was assassinated in 1981? Answer: Sadat
Question: Which country was called Upper Volta until 1984? Answer: Burkina Faso
Question: Who was the Egyptian king whose tomb an treasures were discovered in the Valley of the Kings in 1922? Answer: Tutankhamen
Question: Name the East African country which lies on the equator. Answer: Kenya
Question: What are the two main arms of the River Nile called? Answer: Blue Nile and White Nile
Question: In which country did King Hassan II ascend the throne in 1961? Answer: Morocco
Question: Which British general was killed at Khartoum in 1885? Answer: Gordon
Question: On the border of which two countries is Victoria Falls? Answer: Zambia and Zimbabwe
Question: What is the name of the volcanic valley that runs from the Sinai peninsula to central Mozambique? Answer: Great Rift Valley
Question: Which actor won an Academy Award for his performance in The African Queen? Answer: Humphrey Bogart
Question: Who wrote the novel Cry, the Beloved Country about South Africa? Answer: Alan Paton
Question: What is the capital of Kenya? Answer: Nairobi
Question: From which European country did Angola achieve independence in 1975? Answer: Portugal
Question: Which country mainly makes up the Horn of Africa? Answer: Somalia
Question: What is the capital of Sierra Leone? Answer: Freetown
Question: Which country is the island of Zanzibar part of? Answer: Tanzania
Question: What is Africa's largest country? Answer: Sudan
Question: Which African country is bordered by Benin, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Niger, and Mali? Answer: Burkino Faso
Question: Who was the woman sentenced to six years in jail after the murder of Stompei Seipi? Answer: Winnie Mandela
Question: In which country are the towns of Gweru and Kwekwe? Answer: Zimbabwe
Question: Who was the founder of the Back to Africa movement who largely inspired Rastafarianism? Answer: Marcus Garvey
Question: Which African country is sandwiched between Ghana and Benin? Answer: Togo
Question: The Zambesi and which other river define the borders of Matabeleland? Answer: Limpopo
Question: In which mountains are Camp David? Answer: Appalachian
Question: "Which song say, ""The words of the prophet are written on the subway walls?""" Answer: Sound of Silence
Question: Who sang the title song for the Bond film A View To A Kill? Answer: Duran Duran
Question: In which country did General Jaruzelski impose marital law in 1981? Answer: Poland
Question: Who won the Oscar for directing It Happened One Night? Answer: Frank Capra
Question: Hellenikon international airport is in which country? Answer: Greece
Question: Who had a 60s No 1 with Lightnin' Strikes? Answer: Lou Christie
Question: In which year was CNN founded? Answer: 1980
Question: Who was President Reagan's Secretary for Defense from 1987 to 1989? Answer: Frank Carlucci
Question: Which famous brother of Talia Shire does not share her last name? Answer: Francis Ford Coppola
Question: In basketball where do the Celtics come from? Answer: Boston
Question: Which Disney film had the theme tune A Whole New World? Answer: Aladdin
Question: What does MG sand for in Booker T & The MG's? Answer: Memphis Group
Question: Florence Ballard was a member of which girl group? Answer: Supremes
Question: Who was born first, Susan Sarandon or Glenn Close? Answer: Susan Sarandon
Question: Who wrote the novel The Go Between? Answer: L. P. Hartley
Question: In which musical do the sweeps sing Chim Chim Cheree? Answer: Mary Poppins
Question: Who had a big 60s No 1 with Tossin' and Turnin'? Answer: Bobby Lewis
Question: Sam Phillips was owner of which legendary recording studio? Answer: Sun
Question: Which actor played Maxwell Smart? Answer: Don Adams
Question: On a computer keyboard which letter on the same line is between C and B? Answer: V
Question: Lunar 10's Lunar Excursion Module was named after which famous character? Answer: Snoopy
Question: In which decade did golfer Gary Player last win the British Open? Answer: 70s
Question: Sarah FitzGerald has been a 90s world champion in which sport? Answer: Squash
Question: Where was the peace treaty signed that brought World War I to an end? Answer: Versailles
Question: Which Welsh singer was invited to sing at the White House on Millennium Eve? Answer: Tom Jones
Question: Which company was responsible for the oil spill in Alaska in 1989? Answer: Exxon
Question: What date is Father's Day? Answer: 3rd Sunday in June
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was the FBI set up? Answer: 1900s
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Dan Aykroyd born? Answer: 50s
Question: Which American wrote The Game of Chess in 1959? Answer: Bobby Fischer
Question: Which leader did Hitler meet in the Brenner Pass in WWII? Answer: Mussolini
Question: Which company first manufactured the electric toothbrush? Answer: Squibb
Question: Who lived under the pseudonym of Harriet Brown in New York form the 40s to the 90s? Answer: Greta Garbo
Question: Which actor bought the island of Tetiaroa? Answer: Marlon Brando
Question: Between 1952 and 1954 did the number of TV stations in the USA double, triple or quadruple? Answer: Triple
Question: What was Wham!'s first No 1? Answer: Wake Me Up Before You Go Go
Question: Which musical featured the song You'll Never Walk Alone? Answer: Carousel
Question: In which year was Bloody Sunday in Londonderry? Answer: 1972
Question: The first untethered space walk took place from which space craft? Answer: Challenger
Question: What was the main color of a Storm trooper in Star Wars? Answer: White
Question: Richard Nixon was Vice President to which US state? Answer: Dwight Eisenhower
Question: Luxor international airport is in which country? Answer: Egypt
Question: Which country did Albert Einstein move to as the Nazis rose to power? Answer: America
Question: In the 90s how many points have been awarded for finishing first in a Grand Prix? Answer: 10
Question: Which lawyer made Raymond Burr famous? Answer: Perry Mason
Question: Which broadcasting company did Edward J Noble found? Answer: ABC
Question: In which decade did the Jackson 5 sign to Motown? Answer: 1960s
Question: How many vice presidents did Franklin D Roosevelt have? Answer: Three
Question: In which state is Harrah's Auto Collection situated? Answer: Nevada
Question: What was the name of Gene Autry's horse? Answer: Champion
Question: Which city has a sports team of Steelers and team of Pirates? Answer: Pittsburgh
Question: What did Fort Dearborn, Indian Territory change its name to? Answer: Chicago, Illinois
Question: Bill Berry retired through ill health as a drummer in which band? Answer: REM
Question: Leslie Nielsen trained in which of the armed services in WWII? Answer: Royal Canadian
Question: What went with Blood and Sweat in the name of the 60s rock band? Answer: Tears
Question: Which musical featured the song I Feel Pretty? Answer: West Side Story
Question: Who produced the first Jetliner in 1957? Answer: Boeing
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was James Caan born? Answer: 1930s
Question: In which country is the deepwater port of Trondheim? Answer: Norway
Question: In which state is Camp David? Answer: Maryland
Question: What was the Statue of Liberty originally called? Answer: Liberty Enlightening the World
Question: Who sang the Bond theme form From Russia With Love? Answer: Matt Monro
Question: Which company was responsible for the oil spill in New York harbor in 1990? Answer: Exxon
Question: In which country was Arnold Schwarzenegger born? Answer: Austria
Question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Don't You Want Me? Answer: Human League
Question: Which star of Hannah And Her Sisters has a child called Free? Answer: Barbara Hershey
Question: Who had 70s hits with Have You Seen Her and Oh Girl? Answer: Chi-Lites
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Father's Day first celebrated? Answer: 1910s
Question: "What was the name of the ""girl with kaleidoscope eyes"" in a Beatles song?" Answer: Lucy
Question: Will Rogers airport was built in which US state? Answer: Oklahoma
Question: What writer was expelled from West Point for showing up for a public parade wearing only a white belt and gloves? Answer: Edgar Allan Poe
Question: "What couple live next door to Dagwood and Blondie Bumstead in ""Blondie""?" Answer: Herb and Tootsie Woodley
Question: Who was the Lone Ranger's great grand-nephew? Answer: The Green Hornet
Question: "Psychologist William Moulton Marston, inventor of the polygraph, or lie detector, also created a famous comic book heroine,. Who was she?""" Answer: Wonder Woman
Question: """Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again,"" was the first line of what Daphne du Maurier novel?" Answer: Rebecca
Question: "What is the actual title of Leonardo da Vinci's ""Mona Lisa""?" Answer: La Gioconda
Question: In Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's famous poem, Hiawatha, what was the name of Hiawatha's wife? Answer: Minnehaha
Question: How many husbands did the Wife of Bath have, as reported in Chaucer's Canterbury Tales? Answer: Five
Question: What was the name of the she-ape that rescued the infant Tarzan and raised him to be Lord of the Apes? Answer: Kala
Question: What was the title of Mac West's 1959 autobiography? Answer: Goodness Had Nothing to Do With It
Question: "What words did Lewis Carroll combine to come up with the term ""chortle"" in Through a Looking-Glass?" Answer: Chuckle and snort
Question: "Shakespeare wrote that ""brevity is the soul of wit."" What did noted wit Dorothy Parker say it was?" Answer: The soul of lingerie
Question: What is the native country of Agatha Chrisitie's detective Hercule Poirot? Answer: Belgium
Question: What was the hometown of Sgt. Snorkel in Beetle Bailey? Answer: Pork Corners, Kansas
Question: In the Robin Hood stories, what was the real name of Little John? Answer: John Little
Question: The Last Of The Really Great Whangdoodles and Mandy are children's books written by what well-known Oscar-winning actress? Answer: Julie Andrews
Question: By what pseudonym is writer Frederick Dannay Manfred Bennington Lee better known? Answer: Ellery Queen
Question: How many times did Ernest Hemingway revise the last page of A Farewell To Arms? Answer: 39 times
Question: What was art-world guru Andy Warhol's name at birth? Answer: Andrew Warhola
Question: What was the maiden name of Blondie Bumstead, the comic-strip wife of hapless Dagwood Bumstead? Answer: Boopadoop
Question: What famous comic strip character was inspired by the 1936 Henry Fonda film Trail of the Lonesome Pine? Answer: Al Capp's Li'l Abner
Question: What was the original name of the orphan created in 1924 by cartoonist Harold Gray in the comic strip we know as Little Orphan Annie? Answer: Otto
Question: What was the name of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's pet golden cocker spaniel ? Answer: Flush
Question: The title of what poetic drama by Robert Browning was used to name a Kentucky town? Answer: Pippa Passes
Question: What did L. Fran Baum, author of the The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, call his home in Hollywood? Answer: Ozcot
Question: What exotic city was featured in National Geographic magazine's first photo story in 1905? Answer: Lhasa, Tibet
Question: How much time did Jonah spend in the belly of the whale? Answer: Three days and three nights
Question: For what event in February 1964 did evangelist Billy Graham break his strict rule against watching TV on Sunday? Answer: The Beatles' first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show
Question: How tall was Goliath, the Philistine giant slain by David with a stone hurled from a sling? Answer: Six cubits and a span,
Question: "In the Bible, for what ""price"" did Esau sell his birthright to his younger twin brother, Jacob?" Answer: Pottage of lentils (Genesis 25:29-34)
Question: What bird is named for the apostle Peter? Answer: The petrel, from a diminutive form of Petrus, or Peter, in Latin
Question: Who is the only woman whose age is mentioned in the Bible? Answer: Sarah
Question: What is the most common name in the Bible--shared by 32 people in the Old Testament and one in the New Testament? Answer: Zechariah
Question: In what language was the New Testament originally written? Answer: In Greek
Question: What was the total population of the world at the time of Christ? Answer: About 200 million
Question: Who were the parents of King Solomon? Answer: David and Bathsheba
Question: What is the name of Dr. Seuss's egg-hatching elephant? Answer: Horton
Question: Who was Clark Kent's high school sweetheart? Answer: Lana Lang
Question: "What famous book begins: ""Chug, chug, chug. Puff, puff, puff""?" Answer: The Little Engine that Could
Question: To whom did Herman Melville dedicate his novel, Moby Dick? Answer: Nathanial Hawthorne
Question: "Under what assumed name did Oscar Wilde live out the last three years of his life, in ""France?" Answer: Sebastian Melmoth
Question: What was Scarlett O'Hara's real first name? Answer: Katie
Question: How many years did Robinson Crusoe spend shipwrecked on his island? Answer: 24
Question: "What one word was intentionally left out of the movie version of Mario Puzo's novel, ""The Godfather"". even though this word was the working title of the book?" Answer: Mafia
Question: In the comic strips, what was the name of Mandrake the Magician's giant partner? Answer: Lothar
Question: What was the name of the pig leader in George Orwell's Animal Farm? Answer: Napoleon
Question: Tess Trueheart is the wife of what comic strip character? Answer: Dick Tracy
Question: In the Little Orphan Annie comic strip, what was the name of Daddy Warbucks's Giant bodyguard who wore a turban? Answer: Punjab
Question: The Terror of the Monster was an early title for a best-selling novel which inspired one of the highest-grossing movies of the mid-70's. Under what name did it eventually terrify the reading and film going public? Answer: Jaws
Question: Who wrote the story upon which Alfred Hitchcock based his 1963 suspense film The Birds? Answer: Daphne du Maurier, best known for Rebecca
Question: Who was British Prime Minister when World War II broke out? Answer: Neville Chamberlain
Question: How was Oflag IVC prison camp better known? Answer: Colditz
Question: Who succeeded Theodore Roosevelt as President? Answer: William Howard Taft
Question: To whom did the Bee Gees pay tribute in Tapestry Revisited? Answer: Carole King
Question: Who was born first, James Caan or Michael Douglas? Answer: James Caan
Question: In which country is the deepwater ort of Brindisi? Answer: Italy
Question: The word anchorman was credited by Sig Michelson about which CBS News Legend? Answer: Walter Cronkite
Question: Who wrote The Picture Of Dorian Gray? Answer: Oscar Wilde
Question: Who sang the title song for the Bond film You Only Live Twice? Answer: Nancy Sinatra
Question: Who had a big 90s No 1 with This Is How We Do It? Answer: Montell Jordan
Question: Which national park, famous for aboriginal rock paintings, is near Darwin? Answer: Kakadu National Park
Question: In TV's All In The Family what was Mike and Gloria's son called? Answer: Joey
Question: Who sang with Crosby, Stills and Young? Answer: Graham Nash
Question: In which John Logie Baird invent television? Answer: 1920s
Question: Who sang the title song for the Bond film License To Kill? Answer: Gladys Knight
Question: Black or White came from which Michael Jackson album? Answer: Dangerous
Question: On a computer keyboard, which letter is between G ad J? Answer: H
Question: In which town or city was General Motors founded? Answer: Flint, Michigan
Question: In which country was the Russian Revolutionary Leon Trotsky murdered? Answer: Mexico
Question: Which duo had a 60s No 1 with A World Without Love? Answer: Peter & Gordon
Question: In which US state was Tennessee Williams born? Answer: Mississippi
Question: Who was Israeli Prime Minister from 1969 to 1974? Answer: Golda Meir
Question: Bob Gaudio and Nick Massi sang with which group? Answer: The Four Seasons
Question: In which country was Angelica Huston born? Answer: Ireland
Question: What were the first two names of 'Cannonball' Adderley? Answer: Julian Edwin
Question: Carrasco international airport is in which country? Answer: Uruguay
Question: Which record company signed Fabian? Answer: Chancellor
Question: Ron Bower and John Williams set a speed record for going round the world in a what? Answer: Helicopter
Question: What was the profession of New Yorker Garry Winogrand? Answer: Photographer
Question: Amelia Earhart was born in which state? Answer: Kansas
Question: Who was Theodore Roosevelt's Vice President between 1901 and 1905? Answer: No one
Question: What was Phil Collins' last UK No 1 of the 80s? Answer: Another Day in Paradise
Question: What was Al Pacino's first movie? Answer: Me Natalie
Question: In which year did Alcock and Brown make their Atlantic crossing? Answer: 1919
Question: Which movie director was born on exactly the same day as actor Tommy Lee Jones? Answer: Oliver Stone
Question: Which singer wrote the musical Someone Like You? Answer: Petula Clark
Question: What state had its bi-centenary of joining the Union a year after North Carolina? Answer: Rhode Island
Question: With which instrument was Charlie Christian associated? Answer: Guitar
Question: In which country is the Howrah bridge? Answer: India
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Brunei? Answer: BRU
Question: What was Oliver Hardy's real first name? Answer: Norvell
Question: Benito Juarez international airport is in which country? Answer: Mexico
Question: How old would Rocky Marciano have been had he lived to the end of the 20th century? Answer: 76
Question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with The Night The Lights Went Out In Georgia? Answer: Vicki Lawrence
Question: Which country does the airline Gronlandsfly come from? Answer: Greenland
Question: Which famous actress was born on exactly the same day as gymnast Olga Korbut? Answer: Debra Winger
Question: The diet of what mythical monster periodically included seven youths and seven maidens? Answer: The Minotaur's
Question: In Greek mythology, who was the goddess of the rainbow? Answer: Iris
Question: In ancient Athens, what tree was considered sacred -- with all its fruit belonging to the state, and death the penalty for anyone caught cutting one down? Answer: The olive tree
Question: What legendary fire-breathing female monster had a lion's head, a goat's body and a dragon's tail? Answer: The Chimera
Question: According to legend, who fired the arrow that hit Achilles in the heel, his only vulnerable spot? Answer: Paris
Question: In Greek mythology, who was the queen of the underworld and wife of Hades? Answer: Persephone
Question: "Which entertainer said, ""He was into animal husbandry--until they caught him at it?" Answer: Tom Lehrer
Question: "According to hippy guru Dr. Timothy Leary, what did you do before you ""drop out?""" Answer: Turn on, tune in
Question: What is Nelson Mandela's middle name? Answer: Rolihlahla
Question: How old would James Dean have been had he lived to the end of the 20th century? Answer: 68
Question: Barry Clifford found fame discovering what? Answer: Sunken pirate ships
Question: What was Christopher Reeve's first movie? Answer: Gray Lady Down
Question: The Porcaro Brothers featured in which group? Answer: Toto
Question: Which city was called Leninakan until 1990? Answer: A: Kumayri
Question: What is Iggy Pop's real name? Answer: James Osterberg
Question: What did Franz Kafka do for a day job? Answer: Worked in insurance
Question: Dorval International airport is in which country? Answer: Canada
Question: In square miles how big is lake Michigan? Answer: 22,300
Question: Who wrote the song Momma Told Me Not To Come? Answer: Randy Newman
Question: What star sign is Harrison Ford? Answer: Cancer
Question: Who founded the Organization of Afro American Unity? Answer: Malcolm X
Question: Which NASA space probe was launched to Venus in 1989? Answer: Magellan
Question: Harry Weinstein became a world champion under which name? Answer: Gary Kasparov
Question: Who directed Good Morning Vietnam? Answer: Barry Levinson
Question: What was Bette Davis's real first name? Answer: Ruth
Question: In which sport did Hollywood star Sonja Henie win Olympic Gold? Answer: Ice Skating
Question: In which decade was Alzheimer's disease first clinically described? Answer: First decade
Question: What star sign is Glenda Jackson? Answer: Taurus
Question: Who won Super Bowl XXV? Answer: New York Giants
Question: Robert Mueller Municipal Airport is in which US state? Answer: Texas
Question: In what year were women first admitted to Harvard? Answer: 1969
Question: Who had 70s No 1 hit with Show and Tell? Answer: Al Wilson
Question: Balice international airport is in which country? Answer: Poland
Question: What was the first name of the original food manufacturer Mr. Heinz? Answer: Henry
Question: Panama proclaimed independence in 1903 from which country? Answer: Columbia
Question: How old was Ronald Reagan when he became US President? Answer: 69
Question: Which Iowa-born artist painted American Gothic and Spring Turning? Answer: Grant Wood
Question: Which country does the airline Garuda come from? Answer: Indonesia
Question: To ten thousand square miles, what is the area of Idaho? Answer: 82,751 square miles
Question: Sarah Vaughan first joined which band as singer? Answer: Earl Hines
Question: Elmas international airport is in which country? Answer: Italy
Question: Which pioneering aviator had a plane called Percival Gull? Answer: Jean Batten
Question: Which British political figure became Baroness Kesteven? Answer: Margaret Thatcher
Question: Henri Becquerel shared a Nobel prize for his work in discovering what? Answer: Radioactivity
Question: Who was the first white music star to record on Atlantic, through its sister label Atco? Answer: Bobby Darin
Question: Who took the assumed name Sebastian Melmoth when living in Paris? Answer: Oscar Wilde
Question: Who signed the Pacific Security Treaty with the USA in 1951? Answer: Australia & New Zealand
Question: How many miles long is the canal which links the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans? Answer: 50 miles
Question: Who founded the off-Broadway theater where Hair had its premier? Answer: Joseph Papp
Question: Established in 1919, which is the world's oldest surviving airline? Answer: KLM
Question: "Which US First Lady said, ""No one can make you feel interior unless you consent?""" Answer: Eleanor Roosevelt
Question: Who won super bowl X? Answer: Pittsburgh
Question: Who brought to an end Jahangir Khan's long unbeaten run of success in squash in the 80s? Answer: Ross Norman
Question: Jomo Kenyatta was born into which tribe? Answer: Kikuyu
Question: Bryan Abrams, Sam Walters, Mark Calderon and Kevin Thornton formed which group? Answer: Color Me Badd
Question: When was the Scrabble World championship first held? Answer: 1991
Question: Arlanda international airport is in which country? Answer: Sweden
Question: What year was the centenary of Arkansas joining the Union? Answer: 1936
Question: Which singer formed his own Berlee record label? Answer: Del Shannon
Question: Who duetted with Barbra Streisand on Till I Loved You in 1988? Answer: Don Johnson
Question: What was first published on 21st December 1913 in the New York World? Answer: A crossword puzzle
Question: What finally knocked One Sweet Day off the No 1 position in the charts in the 90s? Answer: Because You Loved Me
Question: In which American state are the Merril Collection and the Burke Museum of Fine Arts? Answer: Texas
Question: Which actor paid $93,500 for the baseball which rolled between Bill Buckner's legs in game six of the 1986 World Series? Answer: Charlie Sheen
Question: Who was Theodore Roosevelt's Vice President between 1905 and 1909? Answer: Charles W. Fairbanks
Question: Which nation was the first to ratify the United Nations charter in 1945? Answer: Nicaragua
Question: What is the Alaskan terminus of the Alaskan Highway? Answer: Fairbanks
Question: What was Buster Keaton's actual first name? Answer: Joseph
Question: From 1903 to 1958, every Pope--bar one--took which name? Answer: Pius
Question: Which brothers were Warner Bros' first major record success? Answer: Everly
Question: What was the title of Kitty Kelley's book about Elizabeth Taylor? Answer: Elizabeth Taylor: The Last Star
Question: What are the international registration letters for a vehicle form Jordan? Answer: HKJ
Question: In which country was Julie Christie born? Answer: India
Question: Which artist created the Katzenjammer Kids? Answer: Rudolph Dirks
Question: Who had a 60s No 1 hit with Johnny Angel? Answer: Shelley Fabares
Question: Which country does the airline VIASA come from? Answer: Venezuela
Question: Who directed Back To The Future? Answer: Robert Zemeckis
Question: Where was Che Guevara killed? Answer: Bolivia
Question: Daryl Dragon used which name when he formed a 70s duo? Answer: Captain
Question: Which has the highest population, Rode island or South Dakota? Answer: Rhode Island
Question: What was Oliver Reed's real first name? Answer: Robert
Question: Which country does the airline Sansa come from? Answer: Costa Rica
Question: Who wrote the song Harper Valley PTA? Answer: Tom T. Hall
Question: What was Elvis's last No 1 in his own lifetime? Answer: Suspicious Minds
Question: Who choreographed the first performance of Copland's Rodeo? Answer: Agnes de Mille
Question: Who wrote Riders of the Purple Sage? Answer: Zane Gray
Question: What were D W Griffith's first names? Answer: David Wark
Question: "Who created the line, ""Happiness is a warm puppy?" Answer: Charles Schulz
Question: Who directed The Big Sleep and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes? Answer: Howard Hawks
Question: In which year was the talkie The Jazz Singer released? Answer: 1927
Question: Alborg Roedslet international airport is in which country? Answer: Denmark
Question: What was Elton John's first US No 1 hit? Answer: Crocodile Rock
Question: In which decade was the Oral Roberts University founded at Tulsa? Answer: 1960s
Question: In which English city is the Burrows Toy Museum? Answer: Bath
Question: On which label did the Beach boys record most of their 60s hits? Answer: Capitol
Question: Whose musical works included Composition For Orchestra and Philomel? Answer: Milton Babbit
Question: What was the first state to join the Union in the 20th century? Answer: Oklahoma
Question: Where were the 2004 Summer Olympic Games held? Answer: Athens
Question: What did Arthur Blessitt carry with him on an around-the-world walk taking in 277 nations? Answer: A wooden cross
Question: Where in the former Soviet Union was Yul Brynner born? Answer: Siberia
Question: When she died how old was Karen Carpenter? Answer: 32
Question: "According to the modern Olympics founder Baron de Coubertin, ""The essential thing is not conquering but..."" what?" Answer: Fighting well
Question: In which state was Charles Schulz born? Answer: Minnesota
Question: "Who wrote, ""What is this life if full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?""" Answer: W H Davies
Question: In which decade was Charles Schulz born? Answer: 1930s
Question: In what year was Oliver Stone born? Answer: 1946
Question: What is Axl Rose's real name? Answer: William Bailey
Question: What disability did singer Al Hibbler have? Answer: He was blind
Question: "Which writer said, "" An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support?""" Answer: John Buchan
Question: Which country does the airline Ansett come from? Answer: Australia
Question: Where is New York's Empire State College located? Answer: Saratoga Springs
Question: Spear of the Nation was an armed wing of which group? Answer: ANC
Question: Where in Italy did a US military aircraft slice through the steel wire of a cable car in 1998? Answer: Cavalese
Question: What star sign is shared by Meatloaf and Luciano Pavarotti? Answer: Libra
Question: Where was Pablo Casals buried before he was finally laid to rest in Spain? Answer: Puerto Rico
Question: According to Dateline figures, the highest percentage of male clients are in which profession? Answer: Accountancy
Question: Santander international airport is in which country? Answer: Spain
Question: In which year was Nigel Mansell Indy Car Champion? Answer: 1993
Question: Thomas Marshal was Vice President to which US President? Answer: Woodrow Wilson
Question: Which year was the first after 1927 that the USA lost the Ryder Cup on home soil? Answer: 1987
Question: Ellen Church is recognized as being the first female what? Answer: Air Hostess
Question: Which country does the airline Avensa come from? Answer: Venezuela
Question: What was the USA's biggest attack of the Vietnam War when it took place in February 1967? Answer: Operation Junction City
Question: What was Michael Keaton's first movie? Answer: Night Shift
Question: What is Uma Thurman's middle name? Answer: Karuna
Question: Which liner launched in 1934 was the largest of her time? Answer: Queen Mary
Question: What was the name of NASA's manned space project whose astronauts were chosen in 1959? Answer: Project Mercury
Question: In which country was Anjelica Huston born? Answer: Ireland
Question: Who wrote the novel Delta Connection? Answer: Hammond Innes
Question: In the 70s George Lee was a world champion in which sport? Answer: Gliding
Question: Who preceded Hosni Mubarak as President of Egypt? Answer: Anwar El-Sadat
Question: What instrument is associated with Illinois-born John Lewis? Answer: Piano
Question: What type of aid was developed my Miller Hutchinson in the early years of the 20th century? Answer: Hearing Aid
Question: "Who said, ""My whole life has been one of rejection. Women. Dogs. Comic strips.""" Answer: Charles Schulz
Question: John Singer Sargent worked in which branch of the arts? Answer: Painting
Question: Cuscatlan international airport is in which country? Answer: El Salvador
Question: Who was Pope for the shortest length of time in the 20th century? Answer: John Paul I
Question: What was Gene Kelly's middle name? Answer: Curran
Question: What was the profession of William Eugene Smith? Answer: Photographer
Question: Which country does the airline Pluna come form? Answer: Uruguay
Question: Who directed A Passage To India? Answer: David Lean
Question: What is Gregory Peck's real first name? Answer: Eldred
Question: Golfer Bobby Jones was born in which state? Answer: Georgia
Question: What was the world's first atomic-powered ship called? Answer: Lenin
Question: Which soap boasted a cafe called the Hot Biscuit? Answer: Dallas
Question: Which architect designed the Seagram Building, New York City? Answer: Philip Johnson
Question: Which gossip columnist was born in the same day as Sir Alexander Fleming who discovered penicillin? Answer: Louella Parsons
Question: In what year was the first performance of Copland's ballet Rodeo? Answer: 1942
Question: Ferihegy international airport is in which country? Answer: Hungary
Question: Who was the defending champion when Virginia Wade won the Wimbledon singles? Answer: Chris Evert
Question: Who is the youngest female tennis player to win the US Open? Answer: Tracey Austin
Question: How many 'victories' did The Red Baron claim in aerial dogfights? Answer: 80
Question: Which great guitarist had the first names Aaron Thibodaux? Answer: T-Bone Walker
Question: Who first coined the term paradigm for all the factors that influence the scientist's research? Answer: TS Kuhn
Question: In which country was Sam Neill born? Answer: N. Ireland
Question: What was Dorothy Parker's maiden name? Answer: Rothschild
Question: In which month in 1997 was The Notorious B.I.G. gunned down? Answer: March
Question: What was the official occupation of Sir Anthony Blunt who was unmasked as a Soviet spy in 1979? Answer: Art Historian
Question: Which famous name was accused f the abduction of Stompie Seipei? Answer: Winnie Mandela
Question: What was the highest rank Charles Lindbergh attained? Answer: Brigadier General
Question: Who was the second person to make a solo transatlantic flight? Answer: Amelia Earhart
Question: Who became commanding general of the First Armored Corps in 1941? Answer: George Patton
Question: Who was the third wife of the leader of China's Long March? Answer: Jiang Qing
Question: In 1985 Terry Waite returned to Beirut after securing the release of four British hostages where? Answer: Libya
Question: Where did Ferdinand Marcos live in exile? Answer: Hawaii
Question: Which American led a team to put 10 people on the summit of Everest in 1990? Answer: James Whittaker
Question: UN Secretary Dag Hammarskjold was killed over which country? Answer: Congo
Question: What was the autobiography of the first president of non-Apartheid South Africa called? Answer: Long Walk To Freedom
Question: Which terrorist group murdered Italian Prime Minister Aldo Moro? Answer: Red Brigade
Question: General Boris Gromov was the last Soviet soldier to leave where in 1989? Answer: Afghanistan
Question: Which politician's wife was acquitted in 1990 of defrauding US banks? Answer: Imelda Marcos
Question: In what year did Saddam Hussein become President of Iraq? Answer: 1979
Question: Who became chair of Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1989? Answer: Colin Powel
Question: Who became leader of the Bosnian Serbs in 1992? Answer: Radovan Karadzic
Question: Who was deputy commander of the 1983 US invasion of Grenada? Answer: Norman Schwarzkopf
Question: What was Mother Teresa's real first name? Answer: Agnes
Question: Which famous daughter was made chief designer at Chloe in 1997? Answer: Stella McCartney
Question: Which supermodel was married to Rod Stewart? Answer: Rachel Hunter
Question: Who was America's first world chess champion? Answer: Bobby Fischer
Question: Which Swiss-born Californian first used an amplifier with a guitar? Answer: Adolph Rickenbacker
Question: Who was chairman of the Watergate hearings? Answer: Sam Ervin
Question: Who was credited with popularizing the term rock 'n' roll? Answer: Alan Freed
Question: What were Gary Gilmore's final words before his execution in 1977? Answer: Let's do it
Question: In which country was Ivana Trump born and brought up? Answer: Czechoslovakia
Question: Who wrote the stage musical Cabaret? Answer: Bob Fosse
Question: Flamenco dancer Joaquin Cortes hit the headlines in 1996 over his relationship with which supermodel? Answer: Naomi Campbell
Question: Which Italian fashion designer was murdered on the orders of his ex-wife? Answer: Gucci
Question: How old was George Gershwin when he died? Answer: 38
Question: Who was the first black man to receive the Nobel Peace Prize? Answer: Ralph Johnson Bunche
Question: Which golfer became only the fifth in history to win both the British and US Open championships in the same year, in 1982? Answer: Tom Watson
Question: How many times did tennis legend Jimmy Connors win the US Open in the 1970s? Answer: Three
Question: Which pop star did model Iman marry in 1992? Answer: David Bowie
Question: Which actress links Dorothy in The Golden Girls and Maude Findlay in Maude? Answer: Bea Arthur
Question: Which of the Friends cast has a son called Julian in real life? Answer: Lisa Kudrow
Question: What was the name of Jed's nephew in The Beverly Hillbillies? Answer: Jethro Bodine
Question: What was Green Acres called on radio? Answer: Granby's Green Acres
Question: Which 90s sitcom character was said to be a symbol of failing values which caused LA riots, according to Dan Quayle? Answer: Murphy Brown
Question: According to the series when was the Cheers bar founded? Answer: 1895
Question: Which sitcom with Vickie Lawrence was a spin-off from the Carol Burnett Show? Answer: Mama's Family
Question: Who was creator and executive producer of Magnum PI? Answer: Donald P. Bellisario
Question: What was the name of the vet in Daktari? Answer: Marsh Tracy
Question: Who bought CBS in 1929 and remained on the board until 1983? Answer: William S. Paley
Question: Which executive producer of Dream On is well known for films such as Trading Places? Answer: John Landis
Question: "To which interviewer did Richard Nixon say, ""I never cry except in public?" Answer: David Frost
Question: Who did Dick Van Dyke play in The Dick Van Dyke Show? Answer: Rob Petrie
Question: Which English actress and star of Primary Colors appeared as a guest in Cheers? Answer: Emma Thompson
Question: What was the first sitcom to reach No 1 in the Nielsen ratings? Answer: I Love Lucy
Question: Who in the singing Jackson family appeared in Different Strokes? Answer: Janet
Question: What was the first spin-off from The Beverly Hillbillies called? Answer: Petticoat Junction
Question: Which series was a spin off from the Golden Girls spin-off, Empty Nest? Answer: Nurses
Question: "Who said, ""Married men live longer than single men, but married men are more willing to die""?" Answer: Johnny Carson
Question: In Laverne & Shirley, what was Laverne's last name? Answer: De Fazio
Question: Which character did Burt Reynolds play in Evening Shade? Answer: Wood Newton
Question: Which comedian starred in the ABC sitcom Chicken Soup? Answer: Jackie Mason
Question: Who did Debbie play in The Debbie Reynolds Show? Answer: Debbie Thompson
Question: Who interviewed Dudley Moore about his illness in November 1999? Answer: Barbara Walters
Question: Dorothy, Rose, Sophia and who else formed the Golden Girls? Answer: Blanch
Question: Who first funded Sesame Street? Answer: Children's Television Workshop
Question: In Family Affair what was the butler called? Answer: French
Question: Which multi-millionaire was born the same day TV pioneer John Logie Baird died? Answer: Donald Trump
Question: In the Addams Family, what is Gomez's octopus called? Answer: Aristotle
Question: In the animation series, what was Godzilla's nephew called? Answer: Godzooky
Question: Which character did Betty White play in The Betty White Show? Answer: Joyce Whitman
Question: During the series Roseanne changed her name to Arnold from what? Answer: Barr
Question: Which hotel sitcom was based on the British series Fawlty Towers? Answer: Amanda's
Question: "Who said, ""It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees?""" Answer: Emiliano Zapata
Question: In which year did Tanganyika and Zanzibar merge to form Tanzania? Answer: 1964
Question: In which decade did motor car pioneer Henry Ford die? Answer: 1940s
Question: Ed Gagliardi, Al Greenwood and Dennis Elliot have all been in which group? Answer: Foreigner
Question: "Which song starts, ""On a dark desert highway?""" Answer: Hotel California
Question: For which movie did Katherine Hepburn win her third Oscar? Answer: The Lion in Winter
Question: What was Rambo's first name? Answer: John
Question: When did field hockey become an Olympic event for men? Answer: 1908
Question: How was Eleanor Gough McKay better known? Answer: Billie Holiday
Question: Who invented the world's first data-processing machine? Answer: Herman Hollerith
Question: Bill Cosby had a professional trial in which sport? Answer: Football
Question: What was the first film Alfred Hitchcock made in Hollywood? Answer: Rebecca
Question: What is the most common street name in the UK? Answer: High Street
Question: Bujumbura international airport is in which country? Answer: Burundi
Question: The painting The Scream was stolen form which city in 1994? Answer: Oslo
Question: What was Paul Newman's first movie? Answer: The Silver Chalice
Question: "Which 60s song starts, ""You've got a lot of nerve?""" Answer: Positively 4th Street
Question: Which University of Wisconsin has the highest enrolment figure? Answer: Madison
Question: What was the day job that Boris Yeltsin started out with? Answer: Builder
Question: How old was Harry Stevens when he married at the Caravilla Retirement Home, Wisconsin in 1984? Answer: 104
Question: What is Diane Keaton's real name? Answer: Diane Hall
Question: Which word used to be in the name of The San Francisco Ballet? Answer: Opera
Question: Which singer has appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine 16 times? Answer: Mick Jagger
Question: What nationality were Mother Teresa's parents? Answer: Albanian
Question: Who had a 60s No 1 hit with I'm Telling You Now? Answer: Freddie & The Dreamers
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from The Bahamas? Answer: BS
Question: Which philosopher wrote Eros and Civilization and One Dimensional Man? Answer: Herbert Marcuse
Question: To ten thousand square miles, what is the area of Pennsylvania? Answer: 44,820 square miles
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Sri Lanka? Answer: CL
Question: Who directed the movie East of Eden? Answer: Elia Kazan
Question: In which year did Count Basie die? Answer: 1984
Question: Which bridge is the subject of Hart Crane's The bridge? Answer: Brooklyn Bridge
Question: Who is credited with inventing the Tarzan yodel? Answer: Johnny Weissmuller
Question: Which musical featured the song How To Handle A Woman? Answer: Camelot
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Alec Baldwin born? Answer: 1950s
Question: In which state do most Cree Indians live in the USA? Answer: Montana
Question: Bob Dole trained for which profession although he didn't qualify? Answer: Doctor
Question: Out of 11 series of prime time seasons how many times did Happy days make the Nielsen Top Twenty? Answer: Eight
Question: Who wrote the novel Watership Down? Answer: Richard Adams
Question: Who was the Prime Minister of Australia from 1983 - 1991? Answer: Bob Hawke
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was James Belushi born? Answer: 1950s
Question: On which river was the Kariba Dam built? Answer: Zambezi
Question: Detroit born Diana Earle became famous under which name? Answer: Diana Ross
Question: Who wrote God Bless America? Answer: Irving Berlin
Question: What was Sean Penn's first movie? Answer: Taps
Question: Who had and 80s NO 1 with The Tide is High? Answer: Blondie
Question: In which Bond film did Britt Ekland appear? Answer: The Man With The Golden Gun
Question: What is Mick Jagger's middle name? Answer: Philip
Question: Who had a No 1 hit single with Together Forever? Answer: Rick Astley
Question: Boxer Jack Dempsey hailed from which state? Answer: Colorado
Question: Which British liner was sunk by a German submarine in 1915? Answer: Lusitania
Question: Which role as 'the other woman' won Glenn Close her first Oscar nomination? Answer: Fatal Attraction
Question: Who wrote the novel The Godfather? Answer: Mario Puzo
Question: Vehicles from which country use the international registration letter S? Answer: Sweden
Question: Jack Sharkey was a world champion in which sport? Answer: Boxing
Question: What was Marilyn Monroe's last film? Answer: The Misfits
Question: What was Bix Beiderbecke's principal musical instrument? Answer: Cornet
Question: US-born Adulyadej Bhumibol became king of which Asian country? Answer: Thailand
Question: In 1971 Leonard Bernstein wrote a Mass in whose memory? Answer: John F. Kennedy
Question: Who had a big 50s No 1 with A Big Hunk O' Love? Answer: Elvis Presley
Question: Whose first hit was Maybellene in 1955? Answer: Chuck Berry
Question: What goes after Love Will Never Do on Janet Jackson's 1990 hit? Answer: Without you
Question: Which Gloria co-founded Ms magazine? Answer: Steinem
Question: A Fistfull of Dollars was filmed on location in which country? Answer: Italy
Question: Which country lies immediately to the south of Estonia? Answer: Latvia
Question: "Which TV series intro said, ""Return with us now to those thrilling days of yesteryear""?" Answer: The Lone Ranger
Question: In which year was the University of Alaska Anchorage founded? Answer: 1954
Question: What star sign is shared by peter Gabriel and Stevie Wonder? Answer: Taurus
Question: What was John Huston's last movie? Answer: The Dead
Question: Who won Super Bowl III? Answer: New York Jets
Question: What is Marie Osmond's real first name? Answer: Olive
Question: Who sang a solo at Prince Charles and Lady Di's wedding? Answer: Kiri Te Kanawa
Question: Calabar international airport is in which country? Answer: Nigeria
Question: "Who said, ""A man is only as old as the woman he feels?""" Answer: Groucho Marx
Question: Which country did Thor Heyerdahl's Kon-Tiki set sail from on its journey to Eastern Polynesia? Answer: Peru
Question: Donna Gaines is better known by which name? Answer: Donna Summer
Question: Which element is named after Pierre and Marie Curie? Answer: Curium
Question: By the end of the 20th century how many times had Meryl Streep been nominated for an Oscar? Answer: Nine
Question: Both Richard and Karen Carpenter came fro which state? Answer: Connecticut
Question: What was Mr. Magoo's first name? Answer: Quincy
Question: Which rock star featured in Marvel's 50th issue of Marvel Premiere in 1979? Answer: Alice Cooper
Question: Who was runner-up when Jody Scheckter won motor racing's Formula One Championship? Answer: Gilles Villeneuve
Question: How many years after men's field hockey became an Olympic sport did the women's game become an Olympic event? Answer: 72
Question: In what year of the 1990s was baseball's World Series canceled? Answer: 1994
Question: Albert Giacometti found fame as what? Answer: Sculptor
Question: Who first flew in Friendship 7? Answer: John Glenn
Question: Who had a 50s No 1 with Stagger Lee? Answer: Lloyd Price
Question: Who wrote the novel Gentlemen Prefer Blondes? Answer: Anita Loos
Question: Which country does the airline Gulf Air come from? Answer: Bahrain
Question: What is Alistair Cooke's real first name? Answer: Alfred
Question: How is seriously rich Percy Miller better known? Answer: Master P
Question: How old was Laurel and Hardy producer Hal Roach when he died in 1992? Answer: 100
Question: Who was West German Chancellor from 1969 to 1974? Willy Brandt. Answer: Willy Brandt
Question: What sort of Menace was the 1999 Star Wars movie? Answer: Phantom
Question: What was the name of Drew Barrymore's character in E.T.? Answer: Gertie
Question: Which ER star played opposite Jenny Seagrove in Don' Go Breaking My Heart? Answer: Anthony Edwards
Question: Who played Rick Deckard in Blade Runner? Answer: Harrison Ford
Question: What was the fourth Alien film called? Answer: Alien Resurrection
Question: What number Star Trek movie was called The Wrath of Khan? Answer: II
Question: In Stepmom who played Susan Sarandon's daughter? Answer: Julia Roberts
Question: Which King did Leonardo Di Caprio play in The Man in the Iron Mask? Answer: Louis XIV
Question: Which role did Rupert Everett play in The Madness of King George? Answer: The Prince of Wales
Question: Which UK pop singer an environmental campaigner appeared in Dune? Answer: Sting
Question: What was Stanley Kubrick's final movie? Answer: Eyes Wide Shut
Question: Who tries to save the world from virtual reality in The Matrix? Answer: Keanu Reeves
Question: Which decade does Michael J Fox go back to in Back to the Future? Answer: 50s
Question: In which 90s movie did Al Pacino play retired Colonel Frank Slade? Answer: Scent of a Woman
Question: What is the name of Kate Winslet's character in Titanic? Answer: Rose
Question: Which spin-off from a 60s sitcom was a 1999 movie with Jeff Daniels and Christopher Lloyd? Answer: My Favorite Martian
Question: Who played the title role in Emma? Answer: Gwyneth Paltrow
Question: Who played Batman immediately before George Clooney? Answer: Val Kilmer
Question: Who played the young Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel? Answer: Ewan McGregor
Question: Who played Drew Barrymore's stepmother in Ever After? Answer: Angelica Houston
Question: In which 1998 film did Bruce Willis lead a team to confront a deadly threat from outer space? Answer: Armageddon
Question: Which 1968 sci fi classic was based on The Sentinel by Arthur C Clarke? Answer: 2001: A Space Odyssey
Question: Which tough guy played Mr. Freeze in Batman & Robin? Answer: Arnold Schwarzenegger
Question: What was the subtitle of Terminator 2? Answer: Judgment Day
Question: Which 1996 film has its climax on 4th of July? Answer: Independence Day
Question: Which Apollo mission was filmed in 1995 with Tom Hanks? Answer: 13
Question: In which film did Susan Sarandon play Sister Helen Prejean? Answer: Dead Man Walking
Question: In which city does the action of the 1998 movie Godzilla take place? Answer: New York
Question: Which star of Cheers co-starred with ?Whoopi Goldberg in Made in America? Answer: Ted Danson
Question: What was Pierce Brosnan's first outing as 007? Answer: Goldeneye
Question: Which The Bridges of Madison County star became a father again aged 65? Answer: Clint Eastwood
Question: Who was the star of the dark thriller 8mm? Answer: Nicolas Cage
Question: Where was the 1990s version of Dickens' Great Expectations set? Answer: New York
Question: Which important US building has its roof ripped off in Superman II? Answer: The White House
Question: What is the name of the Darth Vader-to-be in the Star Wars Prequel, Episode 1? Answer: Anakin Skywalker
Question: What was the first sequel to Star Wars? Answer: The Empire strikes Back
Question: Who did Jane Fonda play in the 60s movie of the same name where she repeatedly lost her clothes. Answer: Barbarella
Question: Which veteran actress Katharine was the first actress to win four Oscars? Answer: Hepburn
Question: Who won his second Oscar in successive years for Forrest Gump? Answer: Tom Hanks
Question: Who won his second Oscar for the role of Raymond in Rain Man? Answer: Dustin Hoffman
Question: In 1997 James Cameron won an Oscar for which blockbuster? Answer: Titanic
Question: Which Nick won an Oscar for The Wrong Trousers? Answer: Park
Question: What is Sean Connery's profession in The Name of the Rose? Answer: Friar
Question: In which film did Jodie Foster play FBI agent Clarice Starling? Answer: The Silence of the Lambs
Question: Which Julie won an Oscar for Darling in 1965 and was Oscar nominated in 19987 for Afterglow? Answer: Christie
Question: Which musical set in gangland New York won 11 Oscars in 1961? Answer: West Side Story
Question: Who did Ali McGraw marry after they had made The Getaway together? Answer: Steve McQueen
Question: "Who uttered the famous line ""Frankly my dear I don't give a damn?" Answer: Clark Gable
Question: Whose voice did Marni Nixon dub in the classic My Fair Lady? Answer: Audrey Hepburn
Question: Who was jailed for her 'obscene' stage play Sex? Answer: Mae West
Question: Which 1997 movie equaled Ben Hur's record 11 Oscars? Answer: Titanic
Question: Who won an Oscar wearing an eye patch in True Grit? Answer: John Wayne
Question: In which film did David Niven play James Bond? Answer: Casino Royale
Question: Which Emma won an Oscar for her screenplay of Sense and Sensibility? Answer: Thompson
Question: Which film with Ralph Fiennes won Anthony Minghella an Oscar? Answer: The English Patient
Question: I Could Go on Singing was the last film of which screen legend? Answer: Judy Garland
Question: Which British actor's autobiography was called What's It All About? Answer: Michael Cane
Question: Judi Dench won an Oscar as which Queen in Shakespeare in Love? Answer: Elizabeth I
Question: Who won the Best Actor and Best Director Oscar for Dances With Wolves? Answer: Kevin Costner
Question: Which Jessica was the then oldest Oscar winner for Driving Miss Daisy? Answer: Tandy
Question: Who was the first actress to receive four Oscars? Answer: Katharine Hepburn
Question: In the 70s which gangster film won an Oscar as did its sequel? Answer: The Godfather
Question: Geoffrey Rush won an Oscar for Shine, as what type of musician? Answer: Pianist
Question: For which film about a Scottish hero did Mel Gibson win his first Oscars for Best Picture and Best Director? Answer: Braveheart
Question: Who got her first big break in Grease 2? Answer: Michelle Pfeiffer
Question: Who played Charlie Chaplin in Richard Attenborough's 1992 film? Answer: Robert Downey Jr
Question: Which star of Gypsy and West Side Story married Robert Wagner twice? Answer: Natalie Wood
Question: Which lyricist who has worked with Elton John and Andrew Lloyd Webber won an award for A Whole New World from Aladdin? Answer: Tim Rice
Question: Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head was an Oscar winner from which movie with Robert Redford & Paul Newman? Answer: Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
Question: The multi-Oscar winning The Deer Hunter was about steelworkers who went to fight where? Answer: Vietnam
Question: Which red-haired actress had the Margarita cocktail named after her as her real name was Margarita Cansino? Answer: Rita Hayworth
Question: Who wrote the lyrics for the song form Notting Hill sung by Elvis Costello? Answer: Herbert Kretzmer
Question: In what year does Demolition Man take place? Answer: 2032
Question: Who played a character based on Bob Fosse in a 1979 Oscar winning film? Answer: Roy Scheider
Question: Where in Europe was much of Evita filmed? Answer: Hungary
Question: What was the name of the butler in The Rocky Horror Picture Show? Answer: Riff Raff
Question: What was the real first name of the silent Marx Brother? Answer: Adolph
Question: What was Steve Martin's first film? Answer: The Jerk
Question: Which film tells of the exploits of singer Deco Duffe? Answer: The Commitments
Question: In which category was Mrs. Doubtfire Oscar-nominated? Answer: Best Makeup
Question: Which musical was Victor Fleming making the same time as he was making Gone With the Wind? Answer: The Wizard of Oz
Question: Which Club featured in cabaret? Answer: Kit Kat
Question: """The corn is as high as an elephant's eye is in which musical?" Answer: Oklahoma
Question: What was the name of the orphanage where The Blues Brothers were brought up? Answer: Saint Helen of the Blessed Shroud
Question: On which film was Three Men and a Baby based? Answer: Trois Hommes et un Couffin
Question: What was Xanadu in the title of the film? Answer: Roller disco
Question: Whose poems returned to the bestsellers list after Four Weddings and a Funeral? Answer: W. H. Auden
Question: Who was the voice of O'Malley in The Aristocats? Answer: Phil Harris
Question: What was the name of Bob Fosse's character in All That Jazz? Answer: Joe Gideon
Question: How old was Macaulay Culkin when he was cast for his role in Home Alone? Answer: Nine
Question: In which 70s musical did Paul Michael Glaser star? Answer: Fiddler on the Roof
Question: "In Private ""Benjamin, what is the name of ""Benjamin's captain?" Answer: Lewis
Question: How many different hats does Madonna wear in Evita? Answer: 39
Question: A Little Night Music was based on which non-musical film? Answer: Smiles of a Summer Night
Question: What was the name of the high school in Porky's? Answer: Angel Beach
Question: Who was Louise Lasser's husband when she stared with him in What's Up Tiger Lily? Answer: Woody Allen
Question: What was Tootsie's name before he turned into Tootsie? Answer: Michael Dorsey
Question: What was the first sequel to The Pink Panther called? Answer: A Shot in the Dark
Question: Who played the title role in the film version of Jesus Christ Superstar? Answer: Ted Neely
Question: What was the name of the sax player in New York New York who fell for Francine? Answer: Jimmy
Question: Who was the leader of the band that appeared in The Brady Bunch Movie? Answer: Davy Jones
Question: "In which film was chorus girl Peggy Sawyer told to ""come back a star?""" Answer: 42nd Street
Question: What are the last lines of My Fair Lady? Answer: Where the devil are my slippers?
Question: In The Muppet Movie what was the name of the restaurant Doc Hopper wanted to open? Answer: Frogs' Legs
Question: Who directed The Cable Guy? Answer: Ben Stiller
Question: What type of drug is Sherman Klump trying to perfect in The Nutty Professor? Answer: Weight loss
Question: Which First Lady had to give evidence over the Whitewater scandal? Answer: Hillary Clinton
Question: "About which British politician did Francois Mitterrand say, ""She has the mouth of Marilyn Monroe and the eyes of Caligula?""" Answer: Margaret Thatcher
Question: Nigel Short was the youngest champion in which game in 1984? Answer: Chess
Question: What did Woody Allen call his son as a tribute to Louis 'Satchmo' Armstrong? Answer: Satchel
Question: Which princess took out an injunction against a photographer after he tried to take photographs of her? Answer: Princess Diana
Question: In which decade did Berry Gordy set up Tamla Motown? Answer: 1950s
Question: In 1984 how was the baby who received the heart of a baboon known? Answer: Baby Fae
Question: What was the name of NATO spokesman in the 1999 Kosovo crisis? Answer: Jamie Shea
Question: Which daughter of the last Tsar of Russia was said to have escaped to America? Answer: Anastasia
Question: Which soul singer is Whitney Houston's god mother? Answer: Aretha Franklin
Question: Which Russian-born American wrote I, Robot? Answer: Isaac Asimov
Question: In which state were Bonnie & Clyde killed? Answer: Louisiana
Question: Which Biblical name does Boris Becker's older son have? Answer: Noah
Question: President Kennedy was shot on 22nd November; what day was Lee Harvey Oswald shot? Answer: 24th November
Question: Who founded General Motors in 1908? Answer: William C. Durant
Question: Nicoletta Mantovani hit the headlines through her relationship with which big figure in the entertainment world? Answer: Luciano Pavarotti
Question: What was Clive Sinclair's personal transport vehicle called? Answer: C5
Question: "Who designed Posh ""Spice Victoria Adam's wedding dress?" Answer: Vera Wang
Question: Who is Julian Lennon's step-mother? Answer: Yoko Ono
Question: Which American contralto was the first black singe to appear at the Metropolitan Opera? Answer: Marian Anderson
Question: Which American was the first ever person to retain an Olympic springboard diving title? Answer: Greg Louganis
Question: Which university did Tony Blair and Bill Clinton both attend in their younger days? Answer: Oxford
Question: What is the name of Paul and Linda McCartney's only son? Answer: James
Question: Who won the first men's US Tennis Open, in 1968? Answer: Arthur Ash
Question: Timothy McVeigh was convicted for which bombing? Answer: Oklahoma
Question: Who was Oliver North's secretary during the Irangate scandal? Answer: Fawn Hall
Question: Which singer married director Blake Edwards? Answer: Julie Andrews
Question: "What relation was ""Waldorf Astor, who became a British member of Parliament, to US millionaire John Jacob Astor?" Answer: Great-grandson
Question: For which movie did Meryl Streep win her first Oscar? Answer: Kramer v Kramer
Question: In the 1990s Babrak Karmal and Sultan Ali Keshtmond have been Prime Minister in which country? Answer: Afghanistan
Question: Which 60s pop band made an unsuccessful movie called Head? Answer: The Monkees
Question: Who was Anne Sullivan's most famous pupil? Answer: Helen Keller
Question: Which actress was voted Miss Burbank 1948? Answer: Debbie Reynolds
Question: Which state did Amelia Earhart land in on her first solo Pacific flight? Answer: California
Question: What is Billy Ocean's real name? Answer: Leslie Charles
Question: How was writer William Sydney Porter better known? Answer: O Henry
Question: What was The Zaire River called before 27th October 1971. Answer: Congo
Question: What was the profession of Thomas Eakins? Answer: Photographer
Question: Who is credited with the discovery of galaxies outside of our own? Answer: Edwin Hubble
Question: Who was the defending champion when Andre Agassi first won Wimbledon singles? Answer: Michael Stich
Question: Boukhalef International airport is in which country? Answer: Morocco
Question: What was the 70s No 1 hit for Hamilton, Joe Frank, & Reynolds? Answer: Fallin' In Love
Question: In what year was the Kellogg Company set up to manufacture cornflakes? Answer: 1906
Question: Which wartime classic was the title of a 1980 film with Hanna Schygulla & Mel Ferrer? Answer: Lili Marlene
Question: Who was the voice of Matt Dillon for 11 years on radio's Gunsmoke? Answer: William Conrad
Question: Which country does the airline Ladeco come from? Answer: Chile
Question: Where was the UN Atomic Energy Agency based when it was set up in 1957? Answer: Vienna
Question: Oran international airport is in which country? Answer: Algeria
Question: Where did Johnny Ace die in 1954? Answer: Houston, Texas
Question: Who was the first chemist to be Britain's Prime Minister? Answer: Margaret Thatcher
Question: In which Olympics was taekwondo a demonstration sport? Answer: Seoul 1988
Question: What was Jimi Hendrix's middle name? Answer: Marshall
Question: Who was buried in Milan under the name of Maria Maggi to discourage grave robbers? Answer: Eva Peron
Question: In which month of the year did Bing Crosby record White Christmas? Answer: May
Question: Which country does the airline Transkei Airways come from? Answer: South Africa
Question: What was the last name of Judy in radio's A Date With Judy series? Answer: Foster
Question: Which hit starting with the word Rock took over NO 1 from Rock The Boat? Answer: Rock Your Baby
Question: In the 1940s, the University of North Carolina was founded at Charlotte and where else? Answer: Wilmington
Question: Which country was the first to make catalytic converters compulsory? Answer: Switzerland
Question: Christa McAuliffe died in an accident in what type of vehicle in 1986? Answer: Space Shuttle
Question: Who was Benazir Bhutto's Father who was executed in 1988? Answer: Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto
Question: Which form of death penalty was abolished by Francois Mitterrand? Answer: Guillotine
Question: Which capital city was the scene of a major summit between Reagan and Gorbachev in 1986? Answer: Reykjavik
Question: Which drink did the Coca Cola Company launch in 1982? Answer: Diet Coke
Question: Which telescope was launched into space on board a space shuttle in 1990? Answer: Hubble
Question: Jonas Salk developed the Salk vaccine against which disease? Answer: Polio
Question: Which of London's four airports is the only one to be connected to the city Underground system? Answer: Heathrow
Question: Who constructed the world's first laser? Answer: Theodore Maiman
Question: Which Wisconsin salesman developed a safety razor in 1901? Answer: King Camp Gillette
Question: In which country were Daewoo cars originally produced? Answer: Korea
Question: Which toy company did Ruth and Elliot Handler found? Answer: Mattel
Question: Which country was the first in the world to introduce a driving test? Answer: France
Question: Who launched the short-lived Skytrain air service? Answer: Freddie Laker
Question: What did Guinness adopt as its trademark in the 60s? Answer: Harp
Question: Which city was the HQ of the European Space program? Answer: Paris
Question: Which Andre built the first factory to mass-produce rubber tires? Answer: Michelin
Question: Which film actor became mayor of Carmel, California in 1986? Answer: Clint Eastwood
Question: Which pop artist died in New York in1987? Answer: Andy Warhol
Question: How did James F Fixx, promoter of jogging for good health, die in 1984? Answer: Heart attack while jogging
Question: How was Jean Claude Duvalier known before he ws exiled in 1986? Answer: Baby Doc
Question: Where did teenager Matthias Rust land his plane in 1987 much to the surprise of the country's authorities? Answer: Red Square
Question: From which UK airport did Virgin Atlantic flights first depart for New York-Newark? Answer: London Gatwick
Question: Great Briton fought which country over the Falkland Islands? Answer: Argentina
Question: Which oil tanker disastrously ran aground off 'Brittany in 1987? Answer: Amoco Cadiz
Question: Where did the US side of the Band Aid concert take place? Answer: Philadelphia
Question: Natan Sharansky was released from prison in the USSR to begin a new life where? Answer: Israel
Question: Which country celebrated its bicentenary in 1988? Answer: Australia
Question: The mother of which Monkee invented typewriter correction fluid? Answer: Mike Nesmith
Question: What type of aircraft is the Hawker Siddley Harrier? Answer: Jump Jet
Question: What does Volkswagen actually mean? Answer: People's car
Question: What does the Transalaska Pipeline System transport? Answer: Oil
Question: What was the name of the world's first nuclear-powered submarine? Answer: Nautilus
Question: Which American company pioneered electric ignition in motor cars? Answer: Cadillac
Question: Who invented the world's first photocopier? Answer: Chester Carlson
Question: Where were the 2002 Winter Olympic Games held? Answer: Salt Lake City
Question: "Who wrote the line, ""Do not go gentle into that good night?" Answer: Dylan Thomas
Question: What is Jennifer Jason Leigh's real name? Answer: Jennifer Morrow
Question: Which musical instrument was found in Bonnie & Clyde's car after they were shot? Answer: Saxophone
Question: Which album was said to have reflected the end of Bob Dylan's marriage? Answer: Blood On The Tracks
Question: What was the only Fleetwood Mac track to top the singles charts in the 70s? Answer: Dreams
Question: Who was the defending champion when Billie Jean King first won Wimbledon singles? Answer: Margaret Smith
Question: In which country did Argentina first win soccer's World Cup? Answer: Argentina (1978)
Question: To the nearest million, what was the population of the USA in 1910? Answer: 92
Question: In Chaplin's The Great Dictator, which country did the dictator rule? Answer: Tomania
Question: What is Joan Collin's middle name? Answer: Henrietta
Question: What was the Aristocrat record label renamed? Answer: Chess
Question: Which President wrote Why England Slept about the rise of Fascism? Answer: John F. Kennedy
Question: Where was the first H bomb exploded in 1952? Answer: Eniwetok
Question: Queen Alia international airport is in which country? Answer: Jordan
Question: "Which hairdresser said, """"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary?""" Answer: Vidal Sassoon
Question: Which space probe sent pictures from Mars in 1965? Answer: Mariner 4
Question: Which villain was played by Burgess Meredith in the 1960s Batman TV series? Answer: The Penguin
Question: What was the name of the US army airplane which flew a record 150 hours non-stop in 1929? Answer: Question Mark
Question: In what year did regular Boeing 707 flights begin across he Atlantic? Answer: 1958
Question: Who became Queen of the Netherlands in 1980? Answer: Beatrix
Question: How many Billboard solo NO 1's did ex-Beatle Ringo Starr have? Answer: Two
Question: In what year did the New York subway open? Answer: 1903
Question: Which country does the airline Aero Lloyd come from? Answer: Germany
Question: In which decade was the Benjamin Franklin suspension bridge opened? Answer: 1920s
Question: How many prisoners were left in Alcatraz just before it closed? Answer: 27
Question: What was the name of the first weather satellite? Answer: Tiros
Question: Who directed the movie Trading Places? Answer: John Landis
Question: Where in Australia was swashbuckling Errol Flynn born? Answer: Hobart
Question: Vehicles from which country use the international registration letters KWT? Answer: Kuwait
Question: At what weight did boxer Chris Eubank win the WBO title in 1990? Answer: Middleweight
Question: Who featured with Bobby Brown on the No 1 She Ain't Worth It? Answer: Glenn Medeiros
Question: What was Elvis Presley's first album which did not have his name in the title? Answer: King Creole
Question: Where was golf's 1977 US Open held? Answer: Tulsa Oklahoma
Question: Who shared world amateur baseball championship with USA in1973? Answer: Cuba
Question: Who lost the first Super Bowl of the 70s? Answer: Minnesota Vikings
Question: How many times did the New York Yankees win the World Series in the 1970s? Answer: Twice
Question: Which team in the 80s won the Super Bowl by the biggest margin? Answer: Chicago Bears
Question: Where did Maurice Green set his 9.79 seconds for the 100m in 1999? Answer: Athens
Question: Who won baseball's first World Series of the 50s? Answer: New York Yankees
Question: Who was Jermaine O'Neal playing against when he made his debut in 1996? Answer: Denver Nuggets
Question: Who was the second American to win the Indianapolis 500 four times? Answer: Al Unser Sr
Question: Who was the Super Bowl MVP in 1979 and 1980. Answer: Terry Bradshaw
Question: In 1978 US Masters, who was leading Gary Player by seven strokes, only to lose by a single stroke? Answer: Hubert Green
Question: Where were the first World Athletics Championships held? Answer: Helsinki
Question: Which was the first team to win three Super Bowls? Answer: Pittsburgh Steelers
Question: Who was the first MVP in a Super Bowl to be on the losing side? Answer: Chuck Howley
Question: Who won the Princess Cup in 1997 with Monica Seles? Answer: Anna Kournikova
Question: Which team has not won a World Series since Babe Ruth stopped pitching for them? Answer: Boston Red Sox
Question: Who skippered Stars & Stripes in the America's Cup in 1987 and 1988? Answer: Dennis Conner
Question: Who did Martina Navratilova beat to win her ninth Wimbledon title? Answer: Zina Garrison
Question: Who captained the US Ryder Cup team in 1991? Answer: Dave Stockton
Question: Which team in the 70s won the Super Bowl by the biggest margin? Answer: Oakland Raiders
Question: Who was the winner of the last Open at Carnoustie before Paul Lawrie? Answer: Tom Watson
Question: In what years did John Henry win the Arlington Million? Answer: 1981 & 1984
Question: Who was the first president of the National Football League? Answer: Jim Thorpe
Question: Who rode Affirmed for each race when he won the Triple Crown? Answer: Steve Cauthen
Question: Which team lost the most Super Bowls in the 1970s? Answer: Minnesota Vikings
Question: Who won the first all American French Open Men's Singles final for almost 40 years in the 90s? Answer: Jim Courier
Question: What was the first British-trained horse to run in the Kentucky Derby? Answer: Bold Arrangement
Question: In which sport did Eric Navet of France become a 1990 world champion? Answer: Show Jumping
Question: Who won baseball's first World Series of the 70s? Answer: Baltimore Orioles
Question: What was the original name of the Kansas City Chiefs? Answer: Dallas Texans
Question: Who was Super Bowl MVP the year after Joe Namath won it? Answer: Len Dawson
Question: In 1952 who was the then oldest boxer to become world champoion? Answer: Jersey Joe Walcott
Question: In 1988 who won the tennis Grand Slam and Olympic gold? Answer: Steffi Graf
Question: How was Walker Smith Robinson better known? Answer: Sugar Ray Robinson
Question: What is the nickname of record-breaking sprinter Maurice Greene? Answer: Kansas Cannonball
Question: Who was the first boxer to twice regain the world heavyweight title? Answer: Muhammad Ali
Question: Peter Nichol became the first Brit in 25 years to win the British open in which sport? Answer: Squash
Question: Which Robin was the first yachtsman to sail non-stop around the world? Answer: Knox-Johnson
Question: Warren Beatty was offered full college scholarships in which sport? Answer: Football
Question: Billy Crystal had a full college scholarship in which sport? Answer: Baseball
Question: Who beat Jim Brown's rushing yards total of 12,312 yards in the 1980s? Answer: Walter Payton
Question: Who fought George Foreman in the Rumble In The Jungle? Answer: Muhammad Ali
Question: What was Hank Aaron's first Major League team? Answer: Milwaukee Braves
Question: Which country does marathon man Abel Anton come form? Answer: Spain
Question: Which was Hideo Nomo's first US baseball team? Answer: Los Angeles Dodgers
Question: With which track and field even was Geoff Capes particularly associated? Answer: Shot
Question: Which country does tennis player Marcelo Rios come from? Answer: Chile
Question: Where was the Rumble in the Ali v Foreman fight in Zaire in 1974? Answer: Jungle
Question: How many people are there in an official tug of war team? Answer: Eight
Question: In which month is horse racing's Melbourne Cup held? Answer: November
Question: The Curragh is in which country? Answer: Ireland
Question: Which country hosts the Belmont and Preakness Stakes? Answer: United States
Question: In which decade did Joe Montana retire from football? Answer: 1990s
Question: Which African country does Nick Price come from? Answer: Zimbabwe
Question: What position did football great Jim Brown play? Answer: Fullback
Question: What is Magic Johnson's real first name? Answer: Earvin
Question: In baseball, when a team is pitching how many players do they have on the field? Answer: Nine
Question: Which golf tournament presents its winner with a green jacket? Answer: The Masters
Question: In which jumping event did Carl Lewis win Olympic gold's? Answer: Long Jump
Question: In football, what position is WR? Answer: Wide receiver
Question: The Vince Lombardi Trophy is awarded to winners of what? Answer: Super Bowl
Question: What was the nationality of the athletes killed at the 1972 Munich Olympics? Answer: Israeli
Question: The Prix du Jockey-Club is held at which race course? Answer: Chantilly
Question: In which decade did the Super Bowl begin? Answer: 1960s
Question: In which country is Flemington park race course? Answer: Melbourne, Australia
Question: Who won golf's US Amateur Championship for the first time i n1994? Answer: Tiger Woods
Question: In which sport was Richard Upton found positive in a drugs test in 1998? Answer: Swimming
Question: Which European won tennis's 1989 Men's Singles at the US Open? Answer: Boris Becker
Question: In which sport's globalization plan includes the ' Dream Team,' playing in the McDonald's Classic and the Three-on-Three Challenge? Answer: Basket ball
Question: Which country does boxer Vitali Klitschko come from? Answer: Ukraine
Question: In which state did Michael Jordan play college basketball? Answer: North Carolina
Question: With which university did Magic Johnson win the 1979 NCAA title? Answer: Michigan State
Question: Who won golf's US Open in 1994 and 1997? Answer: Ernie Els
Question: What has been won by Australia II and America 3? Answer: America's Cup
Question: Which university did Cheryl Miller attend? Answer: University of Southern California
Question: At which sport did Keanu Reeves excel while at high school? Answer: Hockey
Question: In Hockey, who did Maurice Rocket Richard play for? Answer: Montreal Canadians
Question: Golf star Vijay Singh comes form where? Answer: Fiji
Question: Kirk Douglas supplemented his acting earnings in his early years as what type of professional sportsman? Answer: Wrestler
Question: """The early days of which sport featured the Renshaw twins, the Baddeley twins and the Doherty brothers?" Answer: Tennis
Question: Who was known as the Manassa Mauler? Answer: Jack Dempsey
Question: Arturo Marino Benitez international airport is in which country? Answer: Chile
Question: What was Jane Russell's real first name? Answer: Ernestine
Question: The Fabulous Cullinan diamond was cut into how many separate gems? Answer: 105
Question: Which singer-songwriter was born on the same day as actor Billy Dee Williams? Answer: Merle Haggard
Question: John and Mary Evans of Alaska grew the world's biggest what? Answer: Broccoli
Question: Where is the University of New Hampshire located? Answer: Durham
Question: What is the biggest studio in Hollywood called? Answer: Universal City
Question: Who was the first person to win the Indianapolis 500 six times? Answer: Al Unser
Question: Gunn-toting Wyatt Earp survived to what age? Answer: 80
Question: Which sporting world championship has been held at the Kuusinski and Kitka Rivers in Finland? Answer: Fly Fishing
Question: Which country does the airline Tower Air come from? Answer: USA
Question: In which country is the Bendorf bridge? Answer: Germany
Question: Which pop singer blamed his cocaine addiction of the break0-up of his relationship with Victoria principal? Answer: Andy Gibb
Question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with The Night Chicago Died? Answer: Paper Lace
Question: What was Bob Hoskins' profession when he worked in the circus? Answer: Fire-eater
Question: Which state was Peggy Lee born in? Answer: North Dakota
Question: Who was the last man to win Wimbledon and the French open singles in the same year? Answer: Bjorn Borg
Question: Who directed the movie The Blues Brothers? Answer: John Landis
Question: In which country did the first Mickey Mouse comic appear? Answer: Italy
Question: What was the name of the island off Iceland which appeared in 1963 as a result of an underwater volcano? Answer: Surtsey
Question: Which band has featured Gregg Rolie, David Brown and Autlan de Bavarro? Answer: Santana
Question: Which US soap actress's real name is Patsy Mclenny? Answer: Morgan Fairchild
Question: In which state is the Creighton University? Answer: Nebraska
Question: In England, who was Princess Diana referring to when she said her marriage was ' a bit crowded?' Answer: Camilla Parker Bowles
Question: What is Brad Pitt's real first name? Answer: William
Question: Which label was responsible for John Lennon's final album made in his lifetime? Answer: Geffen
Question: What was Elton John's first album to enter the US charts at No 1? Answer: Captain Fantastic And The Brown Dirt Cowboy
Question: In which state was Quincy Jones born? Answer: Illinois
Question: Which country does the airline Norontair come form? Answer: Canada
Question: Which incident escalated US involvement in Vietnam? Answer: Tonkin Gulf incident
Question: What was Michael Jackson's last UK No 1 of the 80s? Answer: I Just Can't Stop Loving You
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Tanzania? Answer: EAT
Question: The world's biggest what was made in Seymour, Wisconsin in August 1989? Answer: Hamburger
Question: Who designed the New York pink skyscraper with the Chippendale-style cabinet top? Answer: Philip Johnson
Question: Who was the original host of The Price Is Right? Answer: Bill Cullen
Question: Which member of the Maverick clan was played by a future 007? Answer: Beau (Roger Moore)
Question: What did the Inspector have on his car sticker in Sledge Hammer? Answer: I Love Violence
Question: Who hosted the early series of The Pink Panther cartoons? Answer: Lenny Schulz
Question: Pee Wee Herman made his TV debut on which show? Answer: The Gong Show
Question: In Makin' It, who was the John Travolta-type character? Answer: Billy Manucci
Question: Which Hollywood star starred in the 50s show My Three Sons? Answer: Fred MacMurray
Question: The actor who played Jack Geller in Friends was married once to which superstar? Answer: Elliott Gould married Barbra Streisand
Question: Who guested in Happy Days where his daughter was playing Jenny Piccalo? Answer: Phil Silvers
Question: The Flying Nun was based on which book? Answer: The Fifteenth Pelican
Question: The older Smothers Brother played what musical instrument? Answer: Guitar
Question: In the TV sitcom Adam's Rib, who played the Spencer Tracy Film role? Answer: Ken Howard
Question: What was the first sitcom where Mickey Rooney was not called Mickey? Answer: One of The Boys
Question: Which character did Tom Hanks play in early episodes of Family Ties? Answer: Ned Keaton
Question: "Before it was made famous by Pigmeat of Rowan and Martin's Laugh In fame, who first said, ""Here comes the judge""?" Answer: Sammy Davis Jr
Question: Which member of The A Team played Clubber Lang in Rocky III? Answer: Mr. T
Question: Peter Faulk received his first Emmy for a performance on which show? Answer: The Dick Powell Show
Question: In Top Cat, who was the voice of Choo Choo? Answer: Marvin Kaplan
Question: Who played Leroy Johnson in the movie Fame and on TV? Answer: Gene Anthony Ray
Question: "Who did Mrs. Thatcher describe as ""a man we can do business with?""" Answer: Gorbachev
Question: How is Tenzin Gyatso better known? Answer: The Dali Lama
Question: How was Nguyen that Tan better known? Answer: Ho Chi Minh
Question: Who did the Americans recognize as ruler of Vietnam in 1950 when the Soviets acknowledged Ho Chi Min? Answer: Bao Dai
Question: Who was the defeated Presidential candidate in the 1900 US election? Answer: William Jennings Bryan
Question: Who was the first leader of the Belgian Congo? Answer: Lumumba
Question: Who was Greece's first socialist Prime Minister? Answer: Papandreou
Question: Who was Pope during World War II? Answer: Pius XII
Question: Who was the youngest US Vice President of the 20th century? Answer: Richard Nixon
Question: Who was mayor of New York during the race riots of 1996? Answer: John Lindsay
Question: Who formulated his Sinatra Doctrine - Foreign policy to be constructed on a My Way basis? Answer: Eduard Shevardnadze
Question: Vaclav Havel and British King George VI both lost what part of their bodies? Answer: Lung
Question: Who was Oliver North's immediate boss who admitted authori8zing funding the Contra rebels in Nicaragua? Answer: John Poindexter
Question: Which ex-president died shortly after he death of Harry S. Truman? Answer: Lyndon B. Johnson
Question: Who was the first Democrat President of the 20th century? Answer: Woodrow Wilson
Question: Who was North Vietnam's chief negotiator at the '73 Paris peace talks? Answer: Le Duc Tho
Question: Who was the first president to be elected for a third four-year term? Answer: Franklin D. Roosevelt
Question: Which Secretary of State under Truman helped formulate the Marshall Plan? Answer: Dean Acheson
Question: Senator Joe McCarthly representred which state? Answer: Wisconsin
Question: Who did Roosevelt defeat when he won the 1932 election? Answer: Herbert Hoover
Question: Which President gave the go-ahead to build an H Bomb? Answer: Truman
Question: Who was the oldest US President before Ronal Reagan? Answer: Dwight D. Eisenhower
Question: Dan Quayle was Senator form which state when he was chosen as George Bush's Vice President? Answer: Indiana
Question: Where did Reagan and Gorbachev have their Star Wars summit in October 19865? Answer: Iceland
Question: Who was Walter Mondale's running mate in the 1984 election? Answer: Geraldine Ferraro
Question: What was Ronald Reagan's last movie? Answer: The Killers
Question: Who was Ronald Regan's first Secretary of State? Answer: Alexander Haig
Question: How many 'points for peace' did President Wilson announce in 1918? Answer: 14
Question: In which US state were the last summer Olympics of the century held? Answer: Georgia
Question: Who inflicted Nigel Benn's first defeat as a professional? Answer: Chris Eubank
Question: Which movie star was an Austrian Junior Olympic Weightlifting Champion? Answer: Arnold Schwarzenegger
Question: Who was non-playing captain of the US Davis Cup team in '81 and '82? Answer: Arthur Ash
Question: In which sport did Andy Thomson become a world champion? Answer: Bowls
Question: Which legendary American golfer played his last British Open in 1995? Answer: Arnold Palmer
Question: In which decade did Martina Navratilova take US citizenship? Answer: 1980s
Question: "How was Mildred ""Didrikson better known?" Answer: Babe Zaharias
Question: Who beat Carl Lewis's best time of 9.86 seconds for the 100 meters? Answer: Leroy Burrell
Question: Who won a record ninth Wimbledon singles title in 1990? Answer: Martina Navratilova
Question: On which course does the Kentucky Derby take place? Answer: Churchill Downs
Question: Which American was the youngest male Olympic gold medalist when he won in 1948? Answer: Bob Mathias
Question: In women's field hockey, which country has won the most World Cups? Answer: Netherlands
Question: Name France's last Wimbledon men's singles winner of this century. Answer: Yvon Petra
Question: Who was the oldest US Open golf champion of the 20th century? Answer: Hale Irwin
Question: Who did Hubert Green beat to win the US PGA Championship in 1985? Answer: Lee Trevino
Question: Who devised the Breeder's Cup? Answer: John Gaines
Question: Which team lost the first Super Bowl of the 1980s? Answer: Los Angeles Rams
Question: Which was the last horse before Nijinsky to win the English Triple Crown of 2000 Guineas, Epsom Derby and St. Leger? Answer: Bahram
Question: Which team won baseball's first World Series of the 60s? Answer: Pittsburg Pirates
Question: Who was the first woman tennis player born in the US to win the US Open after Chris Evert's 1984 triumph? Answer: Lindsay Davenport
Question: Which Bond movie used Stoke Poges golf club for some location shots? Answer: Goldfinger
Question: How many races did Ed Moses win in succession between '77 and '87? Answer: 122
Question: What distance is the Breeders' Cup Sprint? Answer: Six furlongs
Question: Which team won the most Super Bowls in the 1980s? Answer: San Francisco 49ers
Question: Anton Geesink was the first non-Japanese judoka to win a judo world championship, but which country did he come from? Answer: Netherlands
Question: Who was the defending champion when Chris Evert first won Wimbledon singles? Answer: Billie Jean King
Question: Who was Super Bowl MVP in successive years in 1967 and 1968? Answer: Bart Star
Question: Who won the most men's US Open tennis titles in the 20th century? Answer: Bill Tilden
Question: Pong was an early console type of game based on which sport? Answer: Table Tennis
Question: In which decade of this century were airmail letters first carried? Answer: 2nd decade
Question: How many bits are there in a byte? Answer: Eight
Question: Alta Vista is a type of what? Answer: Search Engine
Question: Barclay Square was an early Internet site offering what? Answer: Shopping
Question: What is a message sent to a newsgroup in the Internet called?| Answer: Article
Question: A bitmap is a collection of what? Answer: Dots
Question: If edu appears at the end of an address, what is the host computer? Answer: College or University
Question: What was the name of the first satellite to relay live TV pictures between the USA and Europe? Answer: Telstar
Question: If you surf the Internet, what do you do? Answer: Look around
Question: Which page of a Web site is called a Home Page? Answer: First
Question: In addition to the computer, what else must a modem be plugged into? Answer: Phone
Question: What does Q mean in FAQ? Answer: Question
Question: What letter appears on the computer screen when you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer? Answer: E
Question: Which name of something used by avid readers is the Netscape Navigator name for Favorites? Answer: Bookmarks
Question: A small a in a circle is pronounced how? Answer: At
Question: Where does a bounced email return to? Answer: Sender
Question: What name is given to the software program needed to access the Web? Answer: Browser
Question: What goes after Netscape in the name of a popular Internet browser? Answer: Navigator
Question: If you have an active Internet connection, you are said to be on what? Answer: On line
Question: A newbie is a new what? Answer: Internet user
Question: In an e mail address, how is a symbol like a period said out loud? Answer: Dot
Question: What name is given to a program designed to cause damage by attaching itself to other programs? Answer: Virus
Question: Which cartoons are associated with Kim Casalli? Answer: Love Is
Question: Where was William Kellogg working when he decided to sell cornflakes? Answer: Hospital
Question: What is Dionne Warwick's real first name? Answer: Marie
Question: What's the first word of Richard Marx's Right Here Waiting For You? Answer: Oceans
Question: "Who described a Hollywood studio set as, ""The biggest train set a boy ever had?""" Answer: Orson Wells
Question: On which special day did Charlie Chaplin die in 1977? Answer: Christmas Day
Question: In Mork and Mindy, what was the Orkan phrase for 'Goodbye'? Answer: Nanu Nanu
Question: Amilcar Cabral international airport is in which country? Answer: Cape Verde
Question: In 1993, Michael Jackson give his first TV interview in 14 years with which talk show presenter? Answer: Oprah Winfrey
Question: What was the last top ten hit for Connie Francis? Answer: Vacation
Question: Where is the University of Delaware located? Answer: Newark
Question: Which composer was born on exactly the same day as TV evangelist Pat Robertson? Answer: Stephen Sondheim
Question: Who was the last undisputed boxing world heavyweight champion before Mike Tyson? Answer: Leon Spinks
Question: Which country's invasion of Ethiopia in 1935 forced Haile Selassie to flee? Answer: Italy
Question: Who directed the 1951 classic movie The Day The Earth Stood Still? Answer: Robert Wise
Question: Who wrote the novel The Left Hand Of Darkness? Answer: Ursula Le Guin
Question: What is Neil Simon's real first name? Answer: Marvin
Question: Augusto C Sandino international airport is in which country? Answer: Nicaragua
Question: What was the second Oscar Hammerstein show to win the Pulitzer Prize? Answer: South Pacific
Question: Lionel Hampton played on which band until forming his own in1941? Answer: Benny Goodman
Question: In what year was indoor handball introduced as an Olympic event for men? Answer: 1972
Question: Which country does the airline Air Littoral come from? Answer: France
Question: In which country was Emilio Estevez born? Answer: USA
Question: Which brand had to apologize for a logo said to be like the Arabic for Allah? Answer: Nike
Question: What was the Blue Swede's only No 1 hit? Answer: Hooked On A Feeling
Question: New York-born Sir Jacob Epstein worked in which branch of the arts? Answer: Sculpture
Question: What year was the centenary of Colorado joining the Union? Answer: 1976
Question: How old was Dodi Fayed at the time of his death in 1997? Answer: 42
Question: In which country is the Angostura bridge? Answer: Venezuela
Question: What is Elle Macpherson's real name? Answer: Eleanor Gow
Question: Which instrument is associated with Lester 'Prez' Young? Answer: Saxophone
Question: Which criminal was set up by the Lady In Red? Answer: John Dillinger
Question: Who penned Kenny Rogers' No 1 hit Lady? Answer: Lionel Richie
Question: Who had a 50s No 1 with Heartaches By The Number? Answer: Guy Mitchell
Question: In which country was power seized in the 70s by the Gang of Four? Answer: China
Question: At which sport did Jonah Barrington win international success? Answer: Squash
Question: What was the nationality of composer Aaron Copland? Answer: American
Question: What was the occupation of Edith Cavell who was shot by the Germans in WWI? Answer: Nurse
Question: How did Satyajit Ray achieve fame? Answer: Film Director
Question: Who had a 1980s No 1 hit with Don't You (Forget About Me)? Answer: Simple Minds
Question: Which Japanese company bought CBS records in 1988? Answer: Sony
Question: How many of Mark Spitz's Olympic golds were for solo events? Answer: Four
Question: Who made the album Honky Tonk Angels with Dolly Parton and Tammy Wynette? Answer: Loretta Lynn
Question: How many Nobel prizes did Marie curie win? Answer: Two
Question: In which country is the deepwater port of Belem? Answer: Brazil
Question: In which country was Danny De Vito born? Answer: USA
Question: The Chinook blows down which mountains? Answer: Rocky Mountains
Question: In which country was Michael J. Fox born? Answer: Canada
Question: To the nearest million, how mjch did Heavan's Gate lose for United Artists? Answer: 30
Question: From which show does Love Changes Everything come from? Answer: Aspects of Love
Question: Under which name did Leonard Slye ride across the silver screen? Answer: Roy Rogers
Question: Who directed The Deer Hunter? Answer: Michael Cimino
Question: What color is Laa Laa of the Teletulbbies? Answer: Yellow
Question: Who was the most recent Democrat before Clinton to be reelected for a second term as US President? Answer: Roosevelt
Question: For what did Georgie O'Keefe become famous? Answer: Painting
Question: A-Ha sang the title song for which Bond film? Answer: The Living Daylights
Question: Which Russian writer wrote Cancer Ward? Answer: Alexander Solzhenitsyn
Question: Which summer month is the title of an album by Eric Clapton? Answer: August
Question: In the Simpsons, which Hollywood superstar provided Maggie's first word? Answer: Elizabeth Taylor
Question: Which writer came up with Catch 22 in the 60s? Answer: Joseph Heller
Question: Bourgas international airport is in which country? Answer: Bulgaria
Question: Who did Pope John Paul II succeed as Pope? Answer: John Paul I
Question: "Who described his paintings as ""hand-painted dream photographs?""" Answer: Salvador Dali
Question: What was the full first name of the President who gave his name to Teddy Bears? Answer: Theodore
Question: Donald Woods escaped from where in 1979, later the subject of the film Cry Freedom? Answer: South Africa
Question: Which Austrian wrote The Psychopathology of Everyday Life? Answer: Freud
Question: Which Chinese leader's widow was arrested for trying to overthrow the government in the 19780s? Answer: Mao Tse Tung
Question: "Who said, ""Some women get excited about nothing-- and then they marry him?" Answer: Cher
Question: Who is the famous mother of Elijah Blue? Answer: Cher
Question: What was the occupation of Roger Moore's father? Answer: Policeman
Question: Picasso moved to Paris in 1901 but where was he born? Answer: Spain
Question: Which US President went to the same London university as Mick Jagger? Answer: John F. Kennedy
Question: Who published the General Theory of Relativity in 1915? Answer: Albert Einstein
Question: In 1968 the Oscars were postponed for 48 hours because of whose death? Answer: Martin Luther King
Question: Who replaced Mary Robinson as president of Ireland in 1997? Answer: Mary McAleese
Question: What breed of dog was Barry Manilow's Bagel? Answer: Beagle
Question: How old was Douglas Fairbanks when he married 23-year-old Joan Crawford? Answer: 19
Question: "Who said, ""The only placed a man wants depth in a woman is in her decolletage?""" Answer: Zsa Zsa Gabor
Question: Which future President made the famous Checkers Speech in 1952? Answer: Richard Nixon
Question: Who succeeded Lal Bahadur Shasrtri as Prime Minister of India? Answer: Indira Gandhi
Question: Which Russian imposed a reign of terror during the 30s and 40s? Answer: Stalin
Question: In the 60s Queen Elizabeth II dedicated an acre of ground in memory of which American? Answer: President Kennedy
Question: Who led India to overthrow British rule by non-violent means? Answer: Gandhi
Question: In which Sydney cathedral sis Michael Hutchence's funeral take place? Answer: St. Andrew's
Question: Who's best-known stage role was as Regina in The Little Foxes? Answer: Tallulah Bankhead
Question: Who became chief designer at Givenchy in 1996? Answer: Alexander McQueen
Question: By 1999 how may times had Jane Fonda been Oscar nominated? Answer: Seven
Question: Which former central American dictator was born on exactly the same day as singer Gene Vincent? Answer: Manuel Noriega
Question: Which kidnap victim was involved in a bank raid, brandishing a gun? Answer: Patty Hearst
Question: Who was the only 20th century President to get stuck in the White House bath tub as he was so big? Answer: William Howard Taft
Question: Who led a government in Italy in the 20s and later became its dictator?> Answer: Mussolini
Question: Who was Axle Rose's famous singer father-in-law? Answer: Don Everly
Question: Richard Gere won a scholarship to the University of Massachusetts in which sport? Answer: Gymnastics
Question: "Which 70s US President said, ""I know I'm getting better at golf because I'm hitting fewer spectators?" Answer: Gerald Ford
Question: Which golfer announced he was leaving his wife and three children for Brenna Cepalak in 1996? Answer: Nick Faldo
Question: Madeleine Gurdon is the third wife of which millionaire? Answer: Andrew Lloyd Webber
Question: Who led Argentina through most of the 1990s? Answer: Carlos Menem
Question: What relation was Henry Ford II to Henry Ford? Answer: Grandson
Question: Which world leader married Graca Machel in 1998? Answer: Nelson Mandela
Question: What is the first name of Charles' brother of Saatchi & Saatchi? Answer: Maurice
Question: Salvador Allende was elected president of which country in 1970? Answer: Chile
Question: Fitness trainer Carlos Leon was the father of which singer/actress's child? Answer: Madonna
Question: What was the profession of President Jean Bertrand Aristide of Haiti? Answer: Priest
Question: What was the name of Frank Sinatra's last wife? Answer: Barbara
Question: Who did Idi Amin depose in 1971? Answer: Milton Obote
Question: Hafez al Assad was the first democratically elected President of which country? Answer: Syria
Question: Which Russian leader was buried in 1998 in his family's vault? Answer: Tsar Nicholas II
Question: Who was Britain's last Prime Minister of the 20th century? Answer: Tony Blair
Question: In which North African country was Yves St. Laurent born as Henri Donat Mathieu? Answer: Algeria
Question: Which Yuri was president of the USSR for two years after heading the KGB for 15 years? Answer: Andropov
Question: What is Madonna's daughter called? Answer: Lourdes Maria
Question: Who replaced King Hussein as King of Jordan? Answer: Abdullah
Question: Which child of Princess Grace of Monaco competed in the 1988 Olympics? Answer: Prince Albert
Question: Which British Prime Minister signed the Anglo-Irish Agreement in 1985? Answer: Margaret Thatcher
Question: Who presented the first Oscars? Answer: Douglas Fairbanks
Question: "Michel Aoun led which then unsettled Middle ""Eastern country form 1988-1990?" Answer: Lebanon
Question: On whose show did Elvis Presley appear when 82% of the TV audience tuned in? Answer: Ed Sullivan
Question: "Who with Arafat and ""Rabin received the Nobel Peace prize in 1994?" Answer: Peres
Question: Which movie was Clark Gable making when he died? Answer: The Misfits
Question: Which French Prime Minister's funeral was attended by his wife and his mistress in 1996? Answer: Francois Mitterrand
Question: Which multi-million-dollar sport is Bernie Ecclestone associated with? Answer: Motor racing
Question: "Who succeeded ""Anwar Sadat as President of Egypt?" Answer: Hosni Mubarak
Question: Which movie star married jockey Robyn Smith in 1980? Answer: Fred Astaire
Question: How old was Orson Welles when he made Citizen Kane? Answer: 25
Question: In 1996 who did The Spice Girls say was their Girl Power role model? Answer: Margaret Thatcher
Question: Which South African President repealed key parts of apartheid law in 1991? Answer: FW De Klerk
Question: I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Out of My Hair came from which show? Answer: South Pacific
Question: Who wrote the words for My Fair Lady and Camelot? Answer: Alan Jay Lerner
Question: Which musical was a reworking of Puccini's Madame Butterfly? Answer: Miss Saigon
Question: Which sweet musical had the show-stopper Rhythm of Life? Answer: Sweet Charity
Question: In which country was Frederick Loewe born? Answer: Austria
Question: The King in the King and I is ruler of where? Answer: Siam
Question: Which show about Danny and Sandy was made into a film with John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John. Answer: Grease
Question: In which country was A Little Night Music set? Answer: Sweden
Question: Which show was based on the autobiography of Gypsy Rose Lee? Answer: Gypsy
Question: Aspects of what was a success by Andrew Lloyd Webber? Answer: Love
Question: Which show tells the tale of Dolly Gallagher Levi? Answer: Hello Dolly
Question: What type of shop was the Little Shop of Horrors? Answer: Florist's
Question: Which show was based on Miguel de Cervantes' Don Quixote? Answer: Man of La Mancha
Question: Which musical was based on the life of Annie Oakley? Answer: Annie Get Your Gun
Question: What was the name of the first hippie musical? Answer: Hair
Question: Which show does I Don't Know How To Love Him come from? Answer: Jesus Christ Superstar
Question: Which show, starring Robert Preston and Barbara Cook on Broadway? Answer: The Music Man
Question: Which show, which opened in the 40s, takes it's name from a fairground attraction? Answer: Carousel
Question: What was Jesus Christ according to the Rice / Lloyd Webber show? Answer: Superstar
Question: Which Line was the longest running musical in Broadway history? Answer: A Chorus Line
Question: Which American city saw the premiere of Sunset Boulevard? Answer: Los Angeles
Question: Which ground-breaking American musical was based on the book Green Grow The Lilacs? Answer: Oklahoma
Question: Which Lloyd Webber musical was billed as 'Now and forever'? Answer: Cats
Question: What did the Little Shop hold in the movie which premiered in 1982? Answer: Horrors
Question: Which star Fred starred in vaudeville with his sister Adele? Answer: Astaire
Question: On whose fable was Guys and Dolls based? Answer: Damon Runyan
Question: Which show featured Hernando's Hideaway and Hey There? Answer: The Pajama Game
Question: Where was the Best Little Whorehouse according to the musical title? Answer: Texas
Question: Which musical featured the songs A Secretary is Not A Toy, and The Company Way? Answer: How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying
Question: Which Fanny was the subject of Funny Girl? Answer: Brice
Question: Who was the first American actress to have a principal role with the Royal Shakespeare Company, in Les Miserable's? Answer: Patti LuPone
Question: Which musical was Lerner and Loewe's last major success, in 1960? Answer: Camelot
Question: Which 90s revival hit shares its name with a gangster city? Answer: Chicago
Question: Which musical about King Arthur became a byword for the JFK years? Answer: Camelot
Question: Annie Warbucks was the sequel to which one-word-titled musical? Answer: Annie
Question: In which city is the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery and Museum? Answer: Swansea
Question: What is the second largest of the Ionian Islands? Answer: Corfu
Question: "What color did Air France repaint some ""Concorde jets to advertize Pepsi?" Answer: Blue
Question: In 1998 a new breed of mosquito was discovered on which underground system? Answer: London
Question: "Which city did Truman Capote describe as ""eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go?""" Answer: Venice
Question: How is the Eurotunnel also known? Answer: Channel tunnel
Question: Which British monarch popularized the Homgburg which came from the German town of the same name? Answer: Edward VII
Question: Where is the French terminus for the Hoverspeed service? Answer: Boulogne
Question: In which country was the Angel of the North erected in 1998? Answer: England
Question: What is Switzerland's largest City? Answer: Zurich
Question: Which city was the cultural capital of Europe in 1990? Answer: Glasgow
Question: In which European country did Spice Girl Victoria Adams marry? Answer: Ireland
Question: What name is given to the popular holiday area between Marseille and La Spezia? Answer: Riviera
Question: What is the oldest university in Northern Ireland called -- founded in 1908? Answer: Queen's University
Question: Which British architect was responsible with Renzo Piano for the Famous Pompidou Centre in Paris? Answer: Richard Rogers
Question: In Which European city would you go to the Bardini Museum and the Bargello Museum? Answer: Florence
Question: Inishmor is part of which island group? Answer: Aran
Question: What is the name of the lake which remained when the Zuider Zee was closed and reclaimed in 1932? Answer: Ijsselmeer
Question: Syracuse is part of New York, but where does it exist in Europe? Answer: Sicily
Question: Sullom Voe is famous for exporting which commodity? Answer: Oil
Question: In which European city is the Atomium? Answer: Brussels
Question: How are Belgian World Airlines also known? Answer: SABENA
Question: Which tourist islands include the lesser known Majorca and Minorca? Answer: Balearics
Question: Which country lies to the north of Austria and to the south of Poland? Answer: Czech Republic
Question: Which European cou8ntry was first this century to give women the vote? Answer: Finland
Question: Where is the Optimisticeskaja Cave, the second longest in the world? Answer: Ukraine
Question: What is Europe's second largest city in terms of population? Answer: London
Question: How many independent 'Baltic states' are there? Answer: Three
Question: Which winter sports venue, home of the Cresta Run, has hosted two Olympic Games in the 20th century? Answer: St. Moritz
Question: What is farther north Hungary, or Bulgaria? Answer: Hungary
Question: What is Ireland's longest river and greatest source of electric power? Answer: Shannon
Question: "How many countries does the river ""Danube pass through?" Answer: Seven
Question: Where would you spend stotinki? Answer: Bulgaria
Question: Which European country saw one of the major avalanches of the 20th century in December 1916? Answer: Italy
Question: When did Euro Disney, now Disneyland Paris, open? Answer: 1992
Question: The Simpleton Tunnel links Italy with which country? Answer: Switzerland
Question: On which sea does Croatia stand? Answer: Adriatic
Question: What is the longest river in Portugal, and the fifth longest in Europe? Answer: Tagus
Question: Which French phrase described an innovative movement in the cinema? Answer: Nouvelle vague
Question: Which actress is ex-beauty queen Miss Orange County 1976? Answer: Michelle Pfeiffer
Question: Which actor became playwright Arthur Miller's son-in-law in 1997? Answer: Daniel Day-Lewis
Question: Which actress perished in the shower in the remake of Psycho? Answer: Anne Heche
Question: Who first coined the term cybernetics? Answer: Norbert Wiener
Question: Who played Tarzan in the first two Tarzan films? Answer: Elmo Lincoln
Question: Which film director was Anthony Quinn's father-in-law? Answer: Cecil B de Mille
Question: "Who said, ""I squint because I can't take too much light?""" Answer: Clint Eastwood
Question: Who wrote the screenplay for The Crying Game? Answer: Neil Jordan
Question: Who was the senior US diplomat held in the US Embassy in Tehran? Answer: Bruce Laingen
Question: Who was the first freely elected Marxist president in Latin America? Answer: Allende
Question: Who was the first American to win the Nobel Prize for Literature? Answer: Sinclair Lewis
Question: Who was the first black student at the University of Alabama? Answer: Autherine Lucy
Question: Who invented the liquid fuel powered rocket? Answer: Robert H. Goddard
Question: Who was Geena Davis's husband when they made the loss-maker Cutthroat Island? Answer: Renny Harlin
Question: Which novelist appeared in the film Day For Night? Answer: Graham Greene
Question: In 1993 who tried to buy the rights of his first movie Sizzle Beach USA? Answer: Kevin Costner
Question: What is Barbra Streisand's middle name? Answer: Joan
Question: Who was William Taft's Vice President between 1909 and 1912? Answer: James S. Sherman
Question: "Who said, ""How can you rule a country which produces 246 different kinds of cheese?" Answer: Charles de Gaulle
Question: Who invented the Polaroid camera? Answer: Edwin Herbert Land
Question: How many films had Christopher Reeve made before Superman in 1978? Answer: One
Question: Who owned the LA nightclub The Viper Room at the time of River Phoenix's death there in 1993? Answer: Johnny Depp
Question: Who starred in Roger Vadim's remake of And God Crated Woman? Answer: Rebecca de Mornay
Question: "Who was described by co star Nick Nolte as, ""...a ball buster. Protect me from her?""" Answer: Barbra Streisand
Question: Who were the first two men to drive on the Moon? Answer: David Scott and James Irwin
Question: Who in 1996 made the longest spaceflight by a woman? Answer: Shannon Lucid
Question: Who won the first of his Nobel prizes in 1956 for research which led to the invention of the transistor? Answer: John Bardeen
Question: Which electrical engineer invented the triode valve in 1907? Answer: Lee De Forest
Question: Who performed the first artificial heart transplant? Answer: William DeVries
Question: In which movie did Bogart have his first gangster part? Answer: The Petrified Forest
Question: Which film maker's first film was Pather Panchali? Answer: Satyajit Ray
Question: Which actress was Roger Moor's first Bond girl? Answer: Jane Seymour
Question: Who designed the Geodesic Dome in the US Pavilion at the 1967 Montral's World's Fair exhibition? Answer: Buckminster Fuller
Question: Who was the top star at the US box office in 1935? Answer: Shirley Temple
Question: How is Paul Reubens also known in the film and TV world? Answer: Pee Wee Herman
Question: Who founded the magazine Camera Work? Answer: Alfred Stieglitz
Question: How long is Indianapolis's most famous motor race? Answer: 500 miles
Question: Who was the first female to have three consectu8ive US No 1 albums? Answer: Donna Summer
Question: Which detective lived on a boat called St Vitus Dance? Answer: Crockett
Question: On which river was the Grand Coulee built? Answer: Columbia
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Brad Pitt born? Answer: 1960s
Question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Like A Prayer? Answer: Madonna
Question: In which decade was Ewan McGregor born? Answer: 1970s
Question: Who produced the first jumbo jet in 1975? Answer: Boeing
Question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Let's Hear It For The Boy? Answer: Deniece Williams
Question: Where in America is the Rockefeller University? Answer: New York
Question: In professional football, which state do the Cardinals call home? Answer: Arizona
Question: Which musical instrument did Stan Getz play? Answer: Tenor saxophone
Question: Which musical featured the song Tonight? Answer: West Side Story
Question: What kind of orchard did Chekhov write a play about? Answer: Cherry
Question: Who had an 80s No 1 hit with Jack & Diane? Answer: John Cougar
Question: Truman Capote wrote about Breakfast at which place? Answer: Tiffany's
Question: On a computer keyboard which letter on the same line is immediately right of the O? Answer: P
Question: Abyssinia has become known as what? Answer: Ethiopia
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Anne Archer born? Answer: 1940s
Question: Cass Gilbert was the major developer of what type of building? Answer: Skyscraper
Question: In which state was Madonna born? Answer: Michigan
Question: In comic books, who featured with Sugar? Answer: Spike
Question: Who became speaker of the house of representatives in 1995? Answer: Newt Gingrich
Question: John Glenn became Senator for which state? Answer: Ohio
Question: The Battle Of New Orleans was a big No 1 for which singer? Answer: Johnny Horton
Question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Mexico? Answer: MEX
Question: In which cop series did Phil Collins appear as Phil the Shill? Answer: Miami Vice
Question: "Which US singer said, ""You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on?""" Answer: Dean Martin
Question: What is the name of the main space exploration center in Florida? Answer: Cape Canaveral
Question: The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face was featured in which Clint Eastwood film? Answer: Play Misty For Me
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Michael Keaton born? Answer: 1950s
Question: Who performed He's A Tramp in the Disney movie Lady And The Tramp? Answer: Peggy Lee
Question: In which Center is he Metropolitan Opera House? Answer: Lincoln Center
Question: Jersey Joe Walcott was a world champion in which sport? Answer: Boxing
Question: Where in Lybia did Australian troops take a seaport occupied by the Italians in 1941? Answer: Tobruk
Question: What was the last No1 hit for the Everly Brothers? Answer: Cathy's Clown
Question: Where is the Great White Way? Answer: New York (Broadway)
Question: Which mountains stretch from West Virginia to Georgia? Answer: Blue Ridge Mountains
Question: Under which name did Alfonso D' Abruzzo find fame as an actor? Answer: Alan Alda
Question: According to the inventor Thomas Edison genius is made up how many percent of inspiration? Answer: One
Question: Who produced the first Chinook helicopter in 1961? Answer: Boeing
Question: Which actor founded the American Ocean's campaign in 1987? Answer: Ted Danson
Question: In which decade did Bonnie & Clyde operate? Answer: 1930s
Question: Which C S wrote The African Queen? Answer: Forester
Question: Who had a 60s No 1 with Everyday People? Answer: Sly & The Family Stone
Question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Lady? Answer: Kenny Rogers
Question: Igor Sikorsky developed which means of transport? Answer: Helicopter
Question: Which widow of a rock star appeared in Dallas? Answer: Priscilla Presley
Question: Who wrote the novel The Power and The Glory? Answer: Graham Greene
Question: The German terrorist group The Red Army Faction were more usually known as which Gang? Answer: Baader-Meinhof Gang
Question: What was the first name of the fictional sleuth Baretta? Answer: Tony
Question: How many people traditionally sing barbershop? Answer: Four
Question: What was Diana Ross's first solo No 1? Answer: Ain't No Mountain High Enough
Question: Which Argentinean became conductor of the New York Philharmonic in 1970? Answer: Daniel Barenboim
Question: Which Bond girl was Honor Blackman? Answer: Pussy Galore
Question: Which Latvian was principal dancer with the American Ballet Theater in the 70s returning later as director? Answer: Mikhail Baryshnikov
Question: Hard-rock group Motley Crue come from which city? Answer: Los Angeles
Question: Cindy Birdsong was a member of which singing group? Answer: Supremes
Question: Which movie won Marlon Brando his second Oscar? Answer: The Godfather
Question: On a Monopoly board, what are B & O, Reading, Short Line and Pennsylvania? Answer: Stations
Question: The Harry Lime theme was used in which film? Answer: The Third Man
Question: Which city hosts the Charlie Parker Jazz Festival? Answer: New York
Question: What was the profession of Burt Reynolds' father? Answer: Police Officer
Question: Which Scottish border town was the scene of a jumbo jet disaster? Answer: Lockerbie
Question: Solidarity was the mass movement of the people in which country? Answer: Poland
Question: Which golfer Sandy triumphed at the US Masters? Answer: Lyle
Question: Who became the world's youngest ever boxing heavyweight champion? Answer: Mike Tyson
Question: What was the world's first reusable spacecraft called? Answer: Space Shuttle
Question: What was Patricia Highsmith's first novel? Answer: Strangers On A Train
Question: In which war was cowboy star Tom MIx shot in the mouth? Answer: Spanish American War
Question: How many years did the Holocaust last? Answer: 12
Question: "Which soap had people asking. ""Who shot JR?""" Answer: Dallas
Question: Which tennis ace completed his fifth successive Wimbledon singles triumph? Answer: Bjorn Borg
Question: Who replaced Erich Honecker as GDR head of state? Answer: Egon Krenz
Question: Off which pitcher did Babe Ruth smash his 714th and final Major League home run? Answer: Guy Bush
Question: Which US President was linked with the 'Star Wars' policy? Answer: Reagan
Question: Where in the Ukraine was there a nuclear explosion in 1986? Answer: Chernobyl
Question: Anwar Sadat was President of which country when he died in 1981? Answer: Egypt
Question: Who released an album called Thriller in 1982? Answer: Michael Jackson
Question: Which 80s leader had a wife called Raisa? Answer: Mikhail Gorbachev
Question: In what month in 1990 did Iraq invade Kuwait? Answer: August
Question: Who won the ladies singles most times at Wimbledon in the 80s? Answer: Martina Navratilova
Question: Which island was the home of Bob Marley, who died in 1981? Answer: Jamaica
Question: Which John portrayed The Elephant Man on film? Answer: Hurt
Question: Which city was devastated by an earthquake in 1985 and then hosted the World Cup in 1986? Answer: Mexico
Question: Hahnium was so named by US scientists in honor of Otto Hahn; what was its original name? Answer: Unnilpentium
Question: Which movement was thought to be responsible for the kidnapping of Western hostages in Lebanon in the 890s? Answer: Hezbollah
Question: Who was Franklin ?D Roosevelt's secretary of state from 1933 to 1944? Answer: Cordell Hull
Question: The increasing scarcity of elephants and rhinos led ot a 1989 ban on which substance? Answer: Ivory
Question: Sarah Ferguson became Duchess of where? Answer: York
Question: Tiananmen Square was a scene of conflict in which country? Answer: China
Question: Which hospital was Princess Diana taken to after her tragic car accident? Answer: La Pitie-Salpetriere
Question: Elected in 1913, how long was Pedro Mascurain president of Mexico? Answer: One hour
Question: Who was NATO commander between 1974 and 1979? Answer: Alexander Haig
Question: Which disks replaced cassettes and ordinary records? Answer: Compact disks
Question: Groucho Marx resigned from where as he didn't care to belong to any club that would have him as a member? Answer: Friars Club
Question: In which natural valley is San Jose? Answer: Santa Clara
Question: In which Chicago theater did over 500 people die in a fire in 1903? Answer: Iroquois Theater
Question: How long did it take to construct a Model T Ford in 1914? Answer: 95 minutes
Question: Which couple were implicated in the Whitewater affair? Answer: The Clintons
Question: Who did James Earl Ray shoot in Memphis in April 1968? Answer: Martin Luther King
Question: Who was the first black American to win the Nobel peace prize? Answer: Ralph Bunche
Question: Where was the first nuclear reactor built, by Enrico Fermi? Answer: Chicago
Question: Which state on the Gulf of Mexico has the longest name? Answer: Mississippi
Question: The Rotary Club was founded in 1905 in which American City? Answer: Chicago
Question: Where is the HQ of Chrysler and General Motors? Answer: Detroit
Question: In All In The Family, what was Archie's son-in-law's full name? Answer: Mike Stivic
Question: What is the architectural style of the Radio City Music Hall in New York? Answer: Art Deco
Question: What was the debut movie of the actress born Shirley Beaty? Answer: The Trouble With Harry
Question: On which river is the USA's highest concrete dam? Answer: Colorado
Question: In square miles, how big is lake Superior? Answer: 31,700
Question: Near which town were there reports of a space ship landing on the 4th July 1947? Answer: Roswell, New Mexico
Question: Where was the World Fair held in 1903? Answer: St. Louis
Question: Which singer had the first names Harry Lillis? Answer: Bing Crosby
Question: What was the San Francisco Ballet formerly called? Answer: San Francisco Opera Ballet
Question: Parker and Barrow were more usually known as what? Answer: Bonnie and Clyde
Question: Al Capone was finally nailed for what crime? Answer: Tax evasion
Question: Alcatraz was in which Bay? Answer: San Francisco
Question: Which 20s gangland boss was nicknamed Scarface? Answer: Al Capone
Question: Where is the Valley of the Kings, the scene of a terrorist attack in 1997? Answer: Egypt
Question: Who was Butch Cassidy's partner? Answer: The Sundance Kid
Question: Irish Olympic champion Michelle smith was suspended in 1999 over drug allegations in which sport? Answer: Swimming
Question: Colombian underworld boss Pablo Escobar dealt in what commodity? Answer: Drugs
Question: Which actress Sharon was murdered by Charles Manson? Answer: Tate
Question: In which state was the 1999 massacre at Columbine High? Answer: Colorado
Question: Which saint's day saw a massacre in Chicago in 1929? Answer: St. Valentine's Day
Question: What was supposedly the profession of Sweeney Todd in London? Answer: Barber
Question: In 1990, Idaho and which other state celebrated the centenary of joining the Union? Answer: Wyoming
Question: What is the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands? Answer: Maui
Question: Who founded the New York City ballet in 1928? Answer: Balanchine
Question: Whose Complete Guide To Running is credited with beginning the craze for jogging? Answer: James F Fixx
Question: In which theater did The Wizard of Oz have its New York debut? Answer: Majestic
Question: What was CNN Headline News previously known as? Answer: CNN 2
Question: Who followed Calvin Coolidge as US President? Answer: Herbert Hoover
Question: What did Carlton Magee devise in the US for motorists? Answer: Parking Meter
Question: Who ordered the Boulder Dam to be renamed the Hoover Dam? Answer: Harry S. Truman
Question: In what year was the first woman elected to the US Senate? Answer: 1922
Question: What was the first US warship sunk by a U-boat in the Atlantic in 1941? Answer: USS Reuben James
Question: What nickname was given to the group of performers which included Sammy Davis Jr. and Frank Sinatra? Answer: The Rat Pack
Question: In which state was Bruce Springsteen born? Answer: New Jersey
Question: In which decade was the National University, San Diego, California founded? Answer: 1970s
Question: "Which show made critic Robert Helpmann say, ""The trouble with nude dancing is that not everything stops when the music does?""" Answer: Oh Calcutta
Question: "Who said, ""The hardest thing to understand in the world is income tax?""" Answer: Albert Einstein
Question: In the first ever Bugs Bunny cartoon, which character tried to kill him? Answer: Elmer Fudd
Question: Which star of the Back To The Future movies appeared in Caroline In the City? Answer: Lea Thompson
Question: The Mackenzie River flows form which lake to the ocean? Answer: Great Slave Lake
Question: Which Mexican port was seized by US marines in 1914 to prevent the import of German arms for rebel groups? Answer: Veracruz
Question: Who was Vice President during WWI? Answer: Thomas R Marshall
Question: In which language did The Singing Nun sing when she topped the singles charts? Answer: French
Question: Who recorded the albums Blue and Court And Spark? Answer: Joni Mitchell
Question: Where was the world's largest telescope until 1948? Answer: Mount Wilson
Question: How many Madison Square Gardens have there been before the existing one? Answer: Three
Question: Which road bisects the Balboa Park in San Diego? Answer: El Prado
Question: In which city was the pinball machine invented? Answer: Chicago
Question: What was the name of the first Hollywood movie released by D W Griffith in 1910? Answer: In Old California
Question: In Chaplin's The Great Dictator, what was the dictator's name? Answer: Adenoid Hynkel
Question: To which conductor did Vaughan Williams dedicate his 8th Symphony? Answer: Barbirolli
Question: "What did critic John Mason Brown describe as ""chewing gum for the eyes?""" Answer: TV
Question: Who wrote the book on which the musical Whistle Down the Wind was based? Answer: Mary Hayley Bell
Question: In what country was British choreographer Sir Frederick Ashton born? Answer: Ecuador
Question: Which director's autobiography was called The Name Above the Title? Answer: Frank Capra
Question: Where was blues singer Leadbelly when he was 'discovered' musically? Answer: Prison
Question: Most of the Three Tenors come from which country? Answer: Spain
Question: Who is taller, Holly Hunter or Madonna? Answer: Madonna
Question: What is Ryan O'Neal's real first name? Answer: Patrick
Question: Who wrote the song Mad Dogs And Englishmen? Answer: Noel Coward
Question: Who wrote the children's classic The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe? Answer: C. S. Lewis
Question: The first Miss World came from which country? Answer: Sweden
Question: For which movie did Spielberg win his first Oscar? Answer: Schindler's List
Question: Which part did Michael Jackson play in The Wiz? Answer: The Scarecrow
Question: What was advertised by Rod Stewart and Tina Turner's version of It Takes Two? Answer: Pepsi
Question: Which brothers bought Shepperton movie studios in 1994? Answer: Scott
Question: Which studios did the Rank Organization open in 1936? Answer: Pinewood
Question: Who made the film Renaldo and Clara with Bob Dylan? Answer: Joan Baez
Question: Which British composer wrote the theme music for the film Murder on the Orient Express? Answer: Richard Rodney Bennett
Question: The expression Great White Hope was used to describe which black boxer's opponents? Answer: Jack Johnson
Question: Which Dallas actress was born on exactly the same day as singer / songwriter Stephen Stills? Answer: Victoria Principal
Question: Who was the German soldier in Rowan and Martin's Laugh In? Answer: Artie Johnson
Question: Who had a 1980s No 1 hit with Shakedown? Answer: Bob Seger
Question: On whose life was the short-lived musical Winnie based? Answer: Winston Churchill
Question: How many Gilbert & Sullivan operas are there? Answer: 13
Question: "Who said, ""Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle?""" Answer: Bob Hope
Question: "About whom did Kenneth Tynan say, ""What one sees in other women drunk, one sees in... sober?""" Answer: Greta Garbo
Question: Michael Jackson's Will You Be There came from which movie? Answer: Free Willy
Question: Who had a 60s No 1 hit with The Theme From a Summer Place? Answer: Percy Faith
Question: Who won the Best Director Oscar for Platoon? Answer: Oliver Stone
Question: In which decade of the 20th century was Jessica Lange born? Answer: 1940s
Question: "Which film poster included the line ""I told you... you know nothing about wickedness?""" Answer: The Lady From Shanghai
Question: Who wrote the very last episode of Seinfeld? Answer: Larry David
Question: In 1997 which airline replaced the flag on its tail fin with ethnic designs from around the world? Answer: British Airways
Question: Where did Anne Frank die? Answer: Belsen
Question: "According to the British Bishop Mervyn Stockwood, who would ""go to the Follies Bergere and look at the audience?" Answer: A psychiatrist
Question: In which city was the peace treaty ending the Vietnam war signed? Answer: Paris
Question: What was Scotland's answer to California's Silicon Valley called? Answer: Silicon Glen
Question: What was St. Petersburg called for most of the 20th century? Answer: Leningrad
Question: What is London's biggest airport called? Answer: Heathrow
Question: Which country is locked within Belgium, Germany and France? Answer: Luxembourg
Question: In which category did Marie Curie win her second Nobel Prize? Answer: Chemistry
Question: What is the largest inland port in Europe? Answer: Hamburg, Germany
Question: Which company manufactured the first car to run on diesel? Answer: Mercedes Benz
Question: "In 1939 who described the actions of Russia as ""a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma?""" Answer: Winston Churchill
Question: In Nazi Germany, what was Endloslung? Answer: The Final Solution
Question: Who was Hitler's Prime Minister in Prussia? Answer: Goering
Question: Vehicles from which country use the international registration letter L? Answer: Luxembourg
Question: Where in England is the location of the Glastonbury Festival? Answer: Pilton
Question: The Channel Islands are in which Channel? Answer: English Channel
Question: The French region of Grasse is famous for making what? Answer: Perfume
Question: Which was the last country in mainland Europe to switch from driving on the left? Answer: Sweden
Question: By the end of the 80s, what percentage of British households had two cars? Answer: 20%
Question: In which year did Britain's lease on Hong Kong officially expire? Answer: 1997
Question: Which Norwegian explorer did Robert Feary beat to the North Pole? Answer: Roald Amundsen
Question: """A bridge too far"" referred to airborne landings in which country?" Answer: Netherlands
Question: Who founded the Cubism movement with Picasso? Answer: Braque
Question: "What is the name shared by the currency units of ""Algeria and Tunisia?" Answer: Dinar
Question: Mount Toubkai is the highest peak of which range of mountains? Answer: Atlas Mountains
Question: Which South African politician won the Nobel peace Prize in 1960? Answer: Albert Luthuli
Question: "In which township were 69 demonstrators killed by South ""African police in March 1960?" Answer: Sharpeville
Question: What is the former name of the People's Republic of Benin? Answer: Dohomey
Question: Which country is the home of the Ashanti? Answer: Ghana
Question: Where did Idi Amin rule from 1971 -1979? Answer: Uganda
Question: In which country are the ruins of ancient Carthage? Answer: Tunisia
Question: In which country does the White Nile leave Lake Victoria? Answer: Uganda
Question: Which African explorer translated the Arabian Nights? Answer: Richard Burton
Question: After which American President is the capital of Liberia named? Answer: James Monroe
Question: In which country were the Mau-0Mau a secret guerrilla movement? Answer: Kenya
Question: Who was the Danish author of Out of Africa? Answer: Karen Blixen
Question: Which new city in Nigeria has been shaped like a crescent, and has replaced Lagos as capital? Answer: Abuja
Question: Is the Great Wall of China 650, 1,450 or 2,050 miles long? Answer: 1,450
Question: Where did the Gang of Four try to size power in 1976? Answer: China
Question: Which Asian city hosted the 1988 Olympic Games? Answer: Seoul
Question: Who was emperor of Japan during world War II? Answer: Hirohito
Question: What is the capital of Saudi Arabia? Answer: Riyadh
Question: Of which country is Vientiane the capital? Answer: Laos
Question: Who was the Mongol ruler who conquered Persia, Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia in the 14th Century? Answer: Tamerlane
Question: Which two Middle-Eastern countries fought a war from 1980 to 1988? Answer: Iran and Iraq
Question: Which sea lies between china and Korea? Answer: Yellow Sea
Question: In which modern country are the ports of Sidon and Tyer? Answer: Lebanon
Question: The West Bank of which river has been occupied by Israel since 1967? Answer: Jordan
Question: Which 15th-century navigator discovered the sea route from Europe to India by the Cape of Good Hope? Answer: Vasco da Gama
Question: What did Burma change its name to in 1989? Answer: Myanmar
Question: A 25 km causeway, the longest in the world, links Saudi Arabia with which other country? Answer: Bahrain
Question: Beside which river are the Indian cities of Delhi and Agra? Answer: Jumna
Question: On which inland sea do the ports of Astrakhan and Baku lie? Answer: Caspian Sea
Question: Which country was suspended from the Arab League for ten years from 1979? Answer: Egypt
Question: With what is the Japanese art of bonsai concerned? Answer: Miniature Trees
Question: By what name was Thailand known until 1939? Answer: Siam
Question: What kind of wild cattle with shaggy coats and upturned horns live in the mountains of Tibet? Answer: Yak
Question: Which 13th-century Mongol warlord controlled probably a larger area than anyone in history, from the Yellow Sea to the Black Sea? Answer: Genghis Khan
Question: Which is the largest city in India? Answer: Calcutta
Question: Which is the principal island of Japan? Answer: Honshu
Question: What is the dominant classical language of the Indian subcontinent? Answer: Sanskrit
Question: In which 1954 battle did the Vietminh defeat the French and end their influence in Indochina? Answer: Dien Bien Phu
Question: What nationality are the Gurkhas, who have fought for the British and Indian armies since 1815? Answer: Nepalese
Question: Which major export of Bangladesh is used to make sacking? Answer: Jute
Question: What was the former name of Iran? Answer: Persia
Question: Which river runs 1,560 miles to the Bay of Bengal? Answer: Ganges
Question: Which sheikhdom is the capital of the United Arab Emirates? Answer: Abu Dhabi
Question: Which native East Asian plant is the richest natural vegetable food? Answer: Soya
Question: What is the capital of Hong Kong? Answer: Victoria
Question: "Who founded the modern republic of Turkey and, in 1934, took a name meaning ""Father of the Turks""?" Answer: Kemal Ataturk
Question: What is the Japanese product kakiemon? Answer: Porcelain
Question: Which river with a vast delta to the South china Sea rises as the Za Qu in Tibet? Answer: Mekong
Question: Isfahan is a major city in which country? Answer: Iran
Question: Who was supposed to have told the Arabian Nights tales? Answer: Scheherazade
Question: Which is the highest mountain in the Alps? Answer: Mont Blanc
Question: Which country is divided into cantons? Answer: Switzerland
Question: In which Italian city would you find Leonardo's Last Supper? Answer: Milan
Question: Which is Italy's longest river? Answer: Po
Question: On which river does Verona stand? Answer: Adige
Question: Which poet died while helping the Greeks fight for their independence? Answer: Byron
Question: From which country did Iceland become independent in 1944? Answer: Denmark
Question: In which capital city is the Tivoli amusement park? Answer: Copenhagen
Question: On which river does Prague stand? Answer: Vltava
Question: Which European country restored its monarchy in 1975? Answer: Spain
Question: In which autonomous region of Spain are the cities of Cadiz and Cordoba? Answer: Andalusia
Question: Which European country colonized Brazil? Answer: Portugal
Question: Which country was defeated by the USSR in the Winter War of 1939? Answer: Finland
Question: What is the name of the bay between northern Spain and western France, known for its rough seas? Answer: Bay of Biscay
Question: Which city linked by canal with Rotterdam and Amsterdam, is the seat of the Netherlands government? Answer: The Hague
Question: Which is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea? Answer: Sicily
Question: Which city was the capital of West Germany from 1949 to 1990? Answer: Bonn
Question: "In which Cypriot town will you find the ""Tombs of the Rings""?" Answer: Paphos
Question: In which country did Grand Duke Jean become head of state in 1964? Answer: Luxembourg
Question: In which country was Pope John Paul II a cardinal before his election? Answer: Poland
Question: Which two countries have a border with Liechtenstein? Answer: Switzerland and Austria
Question: Which country has as its joint heads of state a Spaniard and a Frenchman? Answer: Andorra
Question: In which country was Adolf Hitler born? Answer: Austria
Question: Which two colors appear on the flag of Greece? Answer: Blue and white
Question: Which is further north, Corsica or Sardinia? Answer: Corsica
Question: Which European country left the Commonwealth and declared itself a republic in 1949? Answer: Eire
Question: The shamrock is the national badge of which country? Answer: Ireland
Question: In which capital city were the treaties signed that established the European Economic Community? Answer: Rome
Question: Which country was ruled for 40 years by the dictator Antonio Salazar? Answer: Portugal
Question: What nationality was the 16th-century poet and soldier Camoens? Answer: Portuguese
Question: Which group had most seats in the European Parliament after the 1989 election - the left, the centre or the right? Answer: The Left
Question: Of which island is Valletta the capital? Answer: Malta
Question: In Norway, what are Hardanger and Sogne? Answer: Fjords
Question: In which Polish city was the Solidarity union formed in 1989? Answer: Gdansk
Question: Which French river flows into the sea at St. Nazaire and is famous for its chateaux? Answer: Loire
Question: In which city does the Council of Europe sit? Answer: Strasbourg
Question: In which year were East and West Germany unified? Answer: 1990
Question: On which of the Greek islands did Bacchus find Ariadne, according to legend? Answer: Naxos
Question: Which country's parliament is called the Storting? Answer: Norway
Question: "Which German city is known as ""Aix-la-Chapelle in French?" Answer: Aachen
Question: What emblem appears on the flag of Albania? Answer: Eagle
Question: Where did Roosevelt, Churchill and Stalin meet in 1945 to plan the final defeat of Germany? Answer: Yalta
Question: Which country first tried unsuccessfully to build the Panama Canal? Answer: France
Question: Which family ruled Florence for three centuries from 1434? Answer: Medici
Question: Who were the Celtic-speaking peoples living in France and Belgium during Roman times? Answer: Gauls
Question: Which king of England had a mother and a son who were both beheaded? Answer: James I
Question: Which battle of 1746 ended the Jacobite revolution? Answer: Culloden
Question: "What Soviet ""man of steel"" was educated for the priesthood but was expelled from the seminary?" Answer: Joseph Stalin
Question: What country sold land including the present-day states of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Oklahoma to the USA in 1803? Answer: France
Question: Which British monarch married Anne of Denmark? Answer: James I
Question: Which US president was shot five days after the end of the American Civil War? Answer: Abraham Lincoln
Question: """What was the name of the Austrian-born dictator who succeeded Hindenburg as Germany's head of state?" Answer: Adolf Hitler
Question: Who was the black educationist who was born a slave but became a leader in the search for civil rights in the early 1900s? Answer: Booker T. Washington
Question: "Which French revolutionary was nicknamed ""the Incorruptible""?" Answer: Robespierre
Question: Where did Florence Nightingale establish a hospital to treat casualties of the Crimean War? Answer: Scutari
Question: Which rebellion was effectively ended by the Battle of Culloden? Answer: Jacobite rebellion
Question: What was the first permanent English settlement in the New World, now in ruins? Answer: Jamestown
Question: Who was the first president of independent Kenya?| Answer: Jomo Kenyatta
Question: Which country was ruled by the Romanov dynasty 1613-1917? Answer: Russia
Question: Which country's liberalization program was halted by the invasion of 600,000 Soviet troops in 1968? Answer: Czechoslovakia
Question: Which Axis Power changed sides during World War II, declaring war on Germany in October 1943? Answer: Italy
Question: Who was the first democratically elected Marxist head of state? Answer: Salvador Allende
Question: What was the name of the basalt slab that became the key for deciphering ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics? Answer: Rosetta Stone
Question: What title did Charlemagne, already king of the Franks, acquire in 800? Answer: Holy Roman Emperor
Question: What is the name of the British political regime 1649-60 established by Oliver Cromwell? Answer: The Commonwealth
Question: Who was the prime minister of South Africa who was assassinated in 1966? Answer: Hendrik Verwoerd
Question: "Which 17th-century king of Sweden was known as the ""Lion of the North""?" Answer: Gustavus Adolphus
Question: What year saw the nationalization of British Railways? Answer: 1948
Question: Who are the only two English sovereigns from whom Prince Charles is not descended? Answer: Charles II and James II
Question: Who succeeded the Roman emperor, Trajan? Answer: Hadrian
Question: Who was the admiral of the French fleet defeated by Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar? Answer: Pierre de Villeneuve
Question: During which war was the Battle of Blenheim? Answer: War of Spanish Succession
Question: Which royal house consisted of Henry IV, Henry V and Henry VI? Answer: House of Lancaster
Question: In which Indian city did British troops open fire without warning on a crowd of 10,000 in 1919? Answer: Amritsar
Question: In which war was the Battle of Ramillies? Answer: War of Spanish Succession
Question: Which sultan of Egypt, who precipitated the third Crusade, subsequently made peace with Richard I? Answer: Saladin
Question: In which year did the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor? Answer: 1941
Question: In which naval battle did Rome decisively defeat the forces of Antony and Cleopatra? Answer: Battle of Actium
Question: "Which new policy in 1958 was an attempt to achieve ""true communism"" in China?" Answer: The Great Leap Forward
Question: Who was appointed successor to Hitler in 1939 but expelled from the Nazi party six years later? Answer: Hermann Goering
Question: What was ceded to Britain in 1713 as part of the settlement of the War of Spanish Succession? Answer: Gibraltar
Question: Who was the queen of the British king, Charles I? Answer: Henrietta (Maria)
Question: Where did George Washington's army endure the winter of 1777-78? Answer: Valley Forge
Question: Whom did Charles V confront at the Diet of Worms in 1521? Answer: Marin Luther
Question: What was the name of the Libyan king deposed by Colonel Kaddafi in 1969? Answer: King Idris
Question: Which US president ended his country's participation in the Vietnam War? Answer: Richard Nixon
Question: What was the first considerable engagement in the American Revolution? Answer: Bunker Hill
Question: Who succeeded Henry I as king of England in 1135? Answer: Stephan
Question: In which war was the Battle of Shiloh? Answer: American Civil War
Question: Which treaty after World War I established the League of Nations? Answer: Versailles
Question: In which year did the Korean War break out? Answer: 1950
Question: What is the official residence of the president of France? Answer: Elysee Palace
Question: Who set out his political ideas in Mein Kampf? Answer: Adolf Hitler
Question: Who preceded Ronald Reagan as American president? Answer: Jimmy Carter
Question: In which year was Ulster incorporated into the UK, under the Home Rule Act? Answer: 1920
Question: What name is shared by the chairs of the UK House of Commons and the US House of Representatives? Answer: Speaker
Question: Which is the lower house of the British parliament? Answer: House of Commons
Question: "Of what electoral system are ""single transferable vote"" and ""party list"" forms?" Answer: Proportional representation
Question: Who was the USA's vice president in 1990? Answer: Dan Quayle
Question: Which prime minister took Britain into the European Community in 1973? Answer: Edward Heath
Question: Which publication was the vehicle for John 'Wilkes's attacks on the Tories for which he was imprisoned in 1768? Answer: The North Briton
Question: What was enforced by Parliament in 1379 and was the trigger that caused the Peasants' Revolt? Answer: Poll tax
Question: In which country did Pol Pot lead the feared Khmer Rouge? Answer: Cambodia
Question: How often are American presidential elections held? Answer: Every four years
Question: Israel was proclaimed an independent state in 1948. Who was its prime minister from then until 1963? Answer: Ben-Gurion
Question: Who did Margaret Thatcher succeed as leader of the Conservative Party? Answer: Edward Heath
Question: Who said 'A week is a long time in politics'? Answer: Harold Wilson
Question: Which Elizabethan politician, philosopher and essayist was fined L40,000 for taking bribes? Answer: Frances Bacon
Question: Who succeeded Clement Attlee as Labour Party leader in 1955? Answer: Hugh Gaitskell
Question: Whose book Sexual Politics was a landmark in feminist thinking? Answer: Kate Millett
Question: Which American economist is the foremost advocate of monetarism? Answer: Milton Friedman
Question: In what year did the Representation of the People Act give the vote to all women over 21? Answer: 1928
Question: Who was Italy's Fascist lender from 1925-43? Answer: Mussolini
Question: Which human-rights organization campaigns for the release of political prisoners worldwide?| Answer: Amnesty International
Question: Which British company was effectively the ruler of much of India until the India Act of 1858? Answer: East India Company
Question: What offence was former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega tried for in the USA? Answer: Drug Trafficking
Question: Which are the two main political parties in the USA? Answer: Democrats and Republicans
Question: What do the British call the person other countries might call minister of the interior? Answer: Home Secretary
Question: Which British prime minister fell from office because of his repeal of the Corn Laws? Answer: Robert Peel
Question: Which Conservative MP was a middle-distance runner who won two Olympic gold medals and set eleven world records during the 1970s and 1980s? Answer: Sebastian Coe
Question: What was the racial segregation policy practiced by South Africa's National Party until 1994? Answer: Apartheid
Question: Which party was led by Adolf Hitler from 1921 to 1945? Answer: Nazi Party
Question: How old must you be to vote in a British parliamentary election? Answer: 18
Question: How many readings does an act of Parliament have in the House of Commons before being given royal assent? Answer: Three
Question: In which city did Karl Marx write Das Kapital? Answer: London
Question: Which party did F W de Klerk represent as South African president? Answer: National Party
Question: What is the term used when a sitting MP is removed as the candidate for a forthcoming election? Answer: Deselection
Question: Who played the part of Piers Fletcher Dervish, personal assistant to MP Alan B'stard, in the television comedy series The New Statesman? Answer: Michael Troughton
Question: Which MP entered Parliament as a Tory in 1833, but became Liberal prime minister in 1868? Answer: Gladstone
Question: Who was the last foreign secretary to serve in Margaret Thatcher's cabinet, an MP who also contested the leadership after her resignation? Answer: Douglas Hurd
Question: Which publication documents all proceedings of the British parliament? Answer: Hansard
Question: Which British minister of health inaugurated the National Health Service? Answer: Aneurin Bevan
Question: What is the name for the group of opposition spokesmen who comment on the policies of government ministers? Answer: Shadow cabinet
Question: "Who was ""Britain's first ever Labour prime minister in 1924?" Answer: James Ramsey MacDonald
Question: "What became known s ""the F-word"" at the 1991 Maastricht summit, where Britain wanted it removed from the treaty?" Answer: Federalism
Question: Which British actress won the Hampstead and Highgate seat for Labour in the 1992 General Election? Answer: Glenda Jackson
Question: Whose book Inside NO 10 described Harold Wilson's Downing Street years? Answer: Lady Falkender
Question: What is the Swedish name of the official who acts for the private citizen in complaints against the government? Answer: Ombudsman
Question: Which US president introduced the New Deal in 1933 to counter the depression? Answer: Franklin Roosevelt
Question: Mario Soares became the first socialist president of which country in 1986? Answer: Portugal
Question: What is the title of the member of the upper house equivalent to that of the Speaker in the lower house? Answer: Lord Chancellor
Question: Who was the first president of France's Fifth Republic? Answer: Charles de Gaulle
Question: Who was dismissed from office as Australian prime minister in 1975 after refusing to call a general election? Answer: Gough Whitlam
Question: "Which word, meaning ""I forbid"" in Latin, means the right to prevent a law being enacted or an action being taken?" Answer: Veto
Question: What collective name is given to the first ten amendments to the US constitution? Answer: Bill of Rights
Question: What is the collective name of the international agreements signed by all the member states of the European Community? Answer: Treaties of Rome
Question: In which year did Mikhail Gorbachev resign as Soviet president? Answer: 1991
Question: Which political commentator has presented both Weekend World and A Week in Politics? Answer: Peter Jay
Question: How many countries are there in the British Commonwealth? Answer: 50
Question: What is the Irish house of representatives called? Answer: Dil ireann
Question: Who was Pope for only 33 days in 1978? Answer: John Paul I
Question: Who was lead singer with the group Queen? Answer: Freddie Mercury
Question: Which author had the real name Charles Dodgson? Answer: Lewis Carroll
Question: Who was the Lord Chancellor beheaded for refusing to recognize Henry VIII as head of the church? Answer: Thomas More
Question: Who led the Free French forces during World War II? Answer: Charles de Gaulle
Question: Which battle of 1876 was Custer's last stand? Answer: Little Bighorn
Question: Which actor, comedian and singer was born David Daniel Kaminski? Answer: Danny Kaye
Question: What nationality was the spy Mata Hari? Answer: Dutch
Question: "Who said: ""The customer is always right""?" Answer: Harry Gordon Selfridge
Question: "What pen name was used by the Spanish orator Dolores Ibarruri, who said ""It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees""?" Answer: La Pasionaria
Question: For what purpose did Melvil Dewey devise his decimal system in 1876? Answer: Classifying books
Question: Who was the king of rock and roll? Answer: Elvis Presley
Question: Who was Sherlock Holmes' assistant? Answer: Dr. Watson
Question: What are the indigenous people of new Zealand called? Answer: Maoris
Question: Who was the film star who married Prince Rainier III of Monaco? Answer: Grace Kelly
Question: What was the first name of the politician Gladstone, the composer Walton, and the reformer Wilberforce? Answer: William
Question: Of which tribe was Goliath the champion? Answer: Philistines
Question: What nickname was given to General Thomas Jackson because of his stern defense at the battle of Bull Run? Answer: Stonewall
Question: Which Christian martyr was first bishop of Rome? Answer: St. Peter
Question: Who was the most famous of English lexicographers? Answer: Samuel Johnson
Question: In which of the arts has Richard Avedon distinguished himself? Answer: Photography
Question: Which religious grou0p migrated westward to the Great Salt Lake, Utah, in 1847? Answer: Mormons
Question: "Which 18th-century dictionary compiler defined himself as a ""harmless drudge""?" Answer: Samuel Johnson
Question: Who was president of the USSR from 1985-91? Answer: Mikhail Gorbachev
Question: What was the name of the Thracian slave who led an ultimately unsuccessful gladiator revolt against Rome in 73 BC? Answer: Spartacus
Question: Which English king abdicated and became Duke of Windsor? Answer: Edward VIII
Question: Who was the first man in space in 1961? Answer: Yuri Gagarin
Question: What invention made the fortune of Alfred Noel, founder of the Nobel prize? Answer: Dynamite
Question: Whose circus did General Tom Thumb join at the age of five in 1843? Answer: P T Barnum
Question: Of which country was de Valera the prime minister, and later the president? Answer: Ireland
Question: "Which actress starred opposite Alan Ladd in the film ""The Blue Dahlia""?" Answer: Veronica Lake
Question: "Which French fashion designer created the ""Little black dress""?" Answer: Coco Chanel
Question: What is the sticky wax obtained from sheep? Answer: Lanolin
Question: What is the trade name for the non-stick material used for coating cooking pans? Answer: Teflon
Question: What name is given to the brittle kind of iron used for making engine blocks and manhole covers? Answer: Cast Iron
Question: Which scientific unit gives a measure of loudness? Answer: Decibel
Question: The behavior of sound in rooms and concert halls is a separate science. what is its name? Answer: Acoustics
Question: What kind of animal is an iguana? Answer: Reptile
Question: What is the name given to the molten rock beneath the surface of the Earth? Answer: Magma
Question: Which disease is spread in minute water drops? Answer: Legionnaire's disease
Question: What is the strong inelastic material found in a human tendon? Answer: Collagen
Question: What material forms the hard outermost layer of a human tooth? Answer: Enamel
Question: Snowflakes are symmetrical. How many sides do they have? Answer: Six
Question: What name is given to an atomic particle carrying a negative charge? Answer: Electron
Question: DNA is found in which part of the cell? Answer: Nucleus
Question: By which name is the drug acetylsalicylic acid better known? Answer: Aspirin
Question: How many legs has an insect? Answer: Six
Question: Which flower has the same name as a diaphragm in the eye? Answer: Iris
Question: Which animals are arthropods and have eight legs? Answer: Arachnids
Question: Which is the modern scientific unit of work and energy? Answer: Joule
Question: Chlorine, fluorine and bromine belong to which family of elements? Answer: Halogens
Question: Which was the first antibiotic to be discovered? Answer: Penicillin
Question: What is the boiling point of water? Answer: 100 degrees Celsius
Question: Ascorbic acid is which vitamin? Answer: Vitamin C
Question: What is the generic term for the mechanical, electrical and electronic components of a computer? Answer: Hardware
Question: Whose research on X-ray diffraction of ?DNA crystals helped Crick and Watson during the race to discover the structure of DNA? Answer: Rosalind Franklin
Question: Heisenberg is most associated with which branch of physics? Answer: Quantum Mechanics
Question: What did Heike Kamerlingh-Onnes discover? Answer: Superconductivity
Question: What science is the study of missiles in motion? Answer: Ballistics
Question: What kind of elements are found in a pure state in nature? Answer: Native elements
Question: "What are classified by their measurement in degrees as ""right"", ""reflex"", ""obtuse"", or ""acute""?" Answer: Angles
Question: What is the name given to the longest side of a right-angled triangle? Answer: Hypotenuse
Question: Which Swedish scientist had a temperature scale named after him? Answer: Anders Celsius
Question: How many colors are there in the spectrum when white light is separated? Answer: Seven
Question: The discovery of which law provoked the surprised cry 'Eureka!'? Answer: Archimedes Principle
Question: What is the study and use of frequencies above 20 khz? Answer: Ultrasonic's
Question: What is an unchanging position in which forces cancel each other out? Answer: Equilibrium
Question: Which physicist's law states that equal volumes of all gases, measured at the same temperature and pressure, contain the same number of molecules? Answer: Amadeo Avogadro
Question: What is the ability of fluids to offer resistance to flow? Answer: Viscosity
Question: What is described as an ionized gas with approximately equal numbers of positive and negative charges? Answer: Plasma
Question: What name is given to the very serious chain of events which can follow the failure of the cooling system in a nuclear reactor? Answer: Meltdown
Question: Which electronic device magnifies the strength of a signal? Answer: Amplifier
Question: What was the name of the unit of heat now replaced by the joule? Answer: Calorie
Question: What does c represent in the equation e = mc*2? Answer: Speed of light
Question: What is a cylindrical coil of wire in which a magnetic field is created when an electric current is passed though it? Answer: Solenoid
Question: What describes a substance that exists in more than one form, differing in physical rather than chemical properties? Answer: Allotropic
Question: Whose 'unified field theory' tried to explain the four fundamental forces in terms of a single, unified force? Answer: Einstein
Question: What diverges rays of light, if it is concave? Answer: Lens
Question: What can be expressed as the number of cycles of a vibration occurring per unit of time? Answer: Frequency
Question: What is the product of the mass of a body and its linear velocity? Answer: Momentum
Question: Which quantity has direction as well as magnitude? Answer: Vector quantity
Question: What is the SI unit of magnetic flux density, named after a Croatian electrical engineer? Answer: Tesla
Question: What is studied in the science of cryogenics? Answer: Very low temperature
Question: What is the favorite food of the giant panda? Answer: Bamboo shoots
Question: What kind of an animal is a marmoset? Answer: An American monkey
Question: Which plant has flowers but no proper leaves? Answer: Cactus
Question: What name is given to animals that eat both flesh and plant material? Answer: Omnivores
Question: Which flightless marine birds of the southern hemisphere live in rookeries? Answer: Penguins
Question: "Which species of decapod has varieties called ""fiddler', 'spider' and 'hermit'?" Answer: Crab
Question: Which digestive organ is well-developed in grass-eating herbivores, but is only vestigial in humans? Answer: Appendix
Question: Which are the only birds able to fly backwards? Answer: Hummingbirds
Question: Photosynthesis is carried out in which part of the cell? Answer: Chloroplast
Question: What is the name of the protective outer layer of trees? Answer: Bark
Question: What liquid do plants need for photosynthesis? Answer: Water
Question: What are the young of bats called? Answer: Pups
Question: What is the larva of a toad called? Answer: Tadpole
Question: Which bird, a member of the cuckoo family, is often seen dashing along the highways of the southern USA and Mexico... hence its name? Answer: Roadrunner
Question: What grow as parasites and saprotrophs, contain no chlorophyll, and reproduce by means of spores? Answer: Fungi
Question: Why do fish have gills? Answer: To absorb oxygen
Question: Which animal can move by jet propulsion? Answer: Octopus
Question: What name is given to the microscopic plants found in great numbers in rivers, lakes, and oceans? Answer: Algae
Question: What are the nocturnal, herding herbivores of Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea? Answer: Kangaroos
Question: Where in an animal would you find a mandible? Answer: Skull
Question: What is a beaver's home called? Answer: Lodge
Question: Which tissue carries sugary sap around the plant? Answer: Phloem
Question: Which cells form the middle layer of plant leaves? Answer: Mesophyll
Question: Which antipodean bird is the largest member of the kingfisher family? Answer: Kookaburra
Question: Which microscopic organisms form the basis of marine and freshwater food chains? Answer: Plankton
Question: Which bird feeds with its head upside-down and its beak held horizontally beneath the water? Answer: Flamingo
Question: What kind of a tongue does the okapi have? Answer: Prehensile
Question: What do baleen whales eat? Answer: Krill
Question: Which South American vulture can have a wing span of up to 3 meters and a body weight of up to 13 kilos? Answer: Condor
Question: Which part of a beetle's body is a skeleton? Answer: The outside
Question: What is the name of the structures which allow leaves to breathe? Answer: Stomata
Question: Which sub-division of plants is named after their practice of forming 'naked seeds'? Answer: Gymnosperms
Question: The maidenhair tree is the sole survivor of which class of plant? Answer: Ginko
Question: What is the state of inactivity through the dry, summer season, as hibernation is the dormancy of the winter months? Answer: Aestivation
Question: What kind of a creature is a scorpion? Answer: Arachnid
Question: Which part of the common valerian is used to make a sedative? Answer: Root
Question: What is the name of the structures which allow stems to breathe? Answer: Lenticels
Question: Which acid is contained in rhubarb leaves, making them poisonous to eat? Answer: Oxalic acid
Question: What kind of an organism causes a 'rust' attack on plants? Answer: Fungus
Question: Which is the dominant generation in the ferns? Answer: Sporophyte
Question: What is the name of the lustrous substance that forms pearl and mother-of-pearl? Answer: Nacre
Question: What is the name of the so-called 'first-bird'? Answer: Archaeopteryx
Question: What is the Latin word for 'liquid' which we use to mean the fluid produced by the tree Ficus elastica? Answer: Latex
Question: What is the main use of the tree Citrus bergamia? Answer: Perfume
Question: Which physician developed a type of remedy involving wild flowers? Answer: Bach
Question: The best longbows were constructed from which wood? Answer: Yew
Question: How many species of domestic dog are found today? Answer: One
Question: What kind of creature is a barnacle? Answer: A crustacean
Question: Machiavelli used which plant's name as the title of one of his books? Answer: Mandrake
Question: What is the name of the evolutionary theory suggesting that evolution has an uneven pace? Answer: Punctuated equilibrium
Question: Which step in photosynthesis is responsible for splitting water molecules? Answer: Light reaction
Question: Which kind of organisms are likely to show a 'taxis'? Answer: Protozoa
Question: Which part of the brain regulates physiological stability in the body? Answer: Hypothalamus
Question: Which organ is responsible for regulating the blood sugar level? Answer: Pancreas
Question: What is the scientific name for the human ''tail'? Answer: Coccyx
Question: When might a person show rapid eye movement (REM)? Answer: During sleep
Question: Which organ removes excess water from the blood? Answer: Kidney
Question: Which is the most acidic part of the digestive system? Answer: Stomach
Question: A deficiency of which vitamin can cause scurvy? Answer: Vitamin C
Question: What are the two main veins in the neck, returning blood from the brain to the heart? Answer: Jugular veins
Question: What is the term fro a series of uncontrollable intakes of air caused by sudden spasms of the diaphragm? Answer: Hiccups
Question: Which part of the eye contains about 137 million light-sensitive cells in one square inch? Answer: Retina
Question: What is the more common name for the tympanic membrane? Answer: Ear drum
Question: What is the name for a red blood cell? Answer: Erythrocyte
Question: What is the scientific name for the windpipe? Answer: Trachea
Question: Where do the Graafian follicles develop? Answer: Ovaries
Question: Where would you find the pisiform bone? Answer: Wrist
Question: What is the scientific name for the kneecap? Answer: Patella
Question: What is protected by the cranium? Answer: Brain
Question: What is the name of the large muscle just beneath the lungs? Answer: Diaphragm
Question: Where in the body is the thyroid? Answer: The neck
Question: Which organ in the body stores excess sugar as glycogen? Answer: Liver
Question: What name is given to the small bones which form the spinal column? Answer: Vertebrae
Question: Where in the body are the cerebellum, the medulla and the hypothalamus? Answer: Brain
Question: What makes up 60-70% of human body weight? Answer: Water
Question: What are the very narrow blood vessels which form a network between arteries and veins? Answer: Capillaries
Question: What is the ring of bones at the hip called? Answer: Pelvic girdle
Question: What tube connects the kidney to the bladder? Answer: Ureter
Question: What is the name of the structural tissue found in the ear, the nose, and in between the vertebral discs? Answer: Cartilage
Question: Which artery supplies the kidney with blood? Answer: Renal artery
Question: How many ventricles are there in the human heart? Answer: Two
Question: What is the scientific name for the tube connecting the mouth with the stomach? Answer: Oesophagus
Question: Which parts of the body are formed by the bones of the metatarsals and phalanges? Answer: Feet
Question: What is the fluid that lubricates and cushions the movable joints between the bones? Answer: Synovial fluid
Question: What is the oxygen-carrying protein found in the red blood cells of the body? Answer: Hemoglobin
Question: What are the chemicals produced by the endocrine glands to control body functions? Answer: Hormones
Question: Where in the human body do you find the alveoli? Answer: Lung
Question: What name is given to the genetic make-up of an individual? Answer: Genotype
Question: A bone is joined to a muscle by which structure? Answer: Tendon
Question: What is the biggest bone in the body? Answer: Femur
Question: Which of the retina's cells can distinguish between different wavelengths of light? Answer: Cone cells
Question: Which hormone causes male sexual development? Answer: Testosterone
Question: Which part of the brain controls the heart rate? Answer: Medulla oblongata
Question: What is an overgrowth of fibrous tissue, usually produced at the site of a scar? Answer: Keloid
Question: Which is the only vein in the body to carry oxygenated blood? Answer: Pulmonary vein
Question: Which human body organ weighs about 2 kilos? Answer: Liver
Question: Which name is given to the heart chamber which receives blood? Answer: Atrium
Question: What kind of joint is the hip? Answer: Ball-and-socket
Question: Where is the sinoatrial node? Answer: Heart
Question: What is the substance that the body over-produces in an allergic reaction to pollen? Answer: Histamine
Question: Which organ of the body secretes insulin? Answer: Pancreas
Question: Which part of the gut absorbs water from thje food? Answer: Colon
Question: Where would you find the islets of Langerhans? Answer: Pancreas
Question: What is the colored muscle that responds involuntarily to light? Answer: Iris
Question: What is the name of the enzyme produced in the mouth? Answer: Salivary amylase
Question: The pituitary controls many hormones, but what controls the pituitary? Answer: Hypothalamus
Question: What is the pigment that colors skin? Answer: Melanin
Question: Which tissue secretes progesterone during the second half of the menstrual cycle? Answer: Corpus luteum
Question: Which gland secretes the corticosteroids? Answer: Adrenal
Question: What are the natural pain-killing substances produced in the brain and pituitary gland? Answer: Endorphins
Question: What hormone was discovered by John Jacob Abel? Answer: Adrenaline
Question: What is the substance produced by hard exercise and oxygen debt, causing stiffness in the muscles? Answer: Lactic acid
Question: Where would you find the carotid arteries? Answer: Neck
Question: Which protein forms hair and nails? Answer: Keratin
Question: Which gas released by car exhausts, stops the blood hemoglobin from working correctly? Answer: Carbon Monoxide
Question: What device is added to a car's exhaust system to reduce pollution? Answer: Catalytic converter
Question: Which Australian mammal lays eggs? Answer: Duck-billed platypus
Question: What is the term for something that will break down naturally? Answer: Biodegradable
Question: Which is the most common gas in the atmosphere? Answer: Nitrogen
Question: Which fuel is formed by the fossilization of plants? Answer: Coal
Question: Oxygen forms approximately what proportion of the atmosphere? Answer: 20%
Question: What kind of tide appears at full Moon? Answer: Spring tide
Question: What is the term given to the study of the weather? Answer: Meteorology
Question: What is the name given to the outermost layer of the Earth? Answer: Crust
Question: Which country produces the world's largest quantity of municipal waste per person per year? Answer: USA
Question: Which sea is so highly polluted that the Barcelona Convention was set up in 976 to try and clean it up? Answer: Mediterranean Sea
Question: What is the scientific scale for measuring the hardness of rocks? Answer: Mohs' scale
Question: What is the world's smallest continent? Answer: Australia
Question: Which gas forms approximately 1% of the atmosphere? Answer: Argon
Question: What is the term for the energy obtained from hot, underground rocks? Answer: Geothermal
Question: What name is given to the rocks swallowed by dinosaurs to assist their digestion? Answer: Gastroliths
Question: Which animal has been hunted almost to extinction because of its horn? Answer: Rhinoceros
Question: Which chemical, commonly used to increase crop yield, sometimes contaminates drinking water? Answer: Nitrate
Question: When you recycle a drink can, which metal is it you are recovering? Answer: Aluminum
Question: What is the name of the liquid rock which pours from a volcano? Answer: Lava
Question: What is the term applied to the process of gathering together weather forecasts from various recording stations? Answer: Synoptic forecasting
Question: What kind of natural phenomenon 'meanders'? Answer: A river
Question: What is the collective name for rain hail, snow, and sleet? Answer: Precipitation
Question: What is the hardest natural substance known? Answer: Diamond
Question: What is the collective noun for crows? Answer: Murder
Question: What is the maximum speed of a garden snail: 0.03 mph, 0.3 mph, or 3 mph? Answer: 0.03 mph
Question: What common mineral is formed by the fossilization of vegetation? Answer: Coal
Question: In which part of the atmosphere is the ozone layer? Answer: Stratosphere
Question: Which Indian state is at the eastern end of the Himalayas? Answer: Assam
Question: What is the name of the atmospheric gas which screens out the sun's harmful ultraviolet radiation? Answer: Ozone
Question: What is the world's deepest ocean? Answer: Pacific
Question: Which is the largest animal ever to have inhabited the Earth? Answer: Blue Whale
Question: What once covered 14% of the Earth's land area, but by 1991 over half had been destroyed? Answer: Rainforest
Question: Which inland sea between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan is fast disappearing because the rivers that feed it have been diverted and dammed? Answer: Aral Sea
Question: The damaged Chernobyl nuclear power station is situated in which country? Answer: Ukraine
Question: What type of rock is granite? Answer: Igneous
Question: What type of rock is basalt? Answer: Igneous
Question: What is the main constituent of natural gas? Answer: Methane
Question: Which of the Earth's atmospheric layers reflects radio waves? Answer: Ionosphere
Question: Which gas forms 80% of Earth's atmosphere? Answer: Nitrogen
Question: In which mountain chain would you find Mount Everest? Answer: Himalayas
Question: What is the collective term for substances such as coal, oil and natural gas, the burning of which produces carbon dioxide? Answer: Fossil fuel
Question: What contributes to the greenhouse effect at lower atmospheric levels, but in the upper atmosphere protects life on Earth? Answer: Ozone
Question: What is the name of the process by which substances are washed out of the soil? Answer: Leaching
Question: Who was director of the environmental pressure group Friends of the Earth 1984 - 90? Answer: Jonathon Porritt
Question: Which European country is committed to decommissioning all of its nuclear reactors? Answer: Sweden
Question: Which Canadian city gave its name to the 1987world agreement on protection of the ozone layer? Answer: Montreal
Question: The dodo was a native bird of which island? Answer: Mauritius
Question: What is the name given to the study of earthquakes? Answer: Seismology
Question: Marble is formed by the metamorphosis of which rock? Answer: Limestone
Question: Which common water pollutant is believed to be harmful to newborn babies? Answer: Nitrate
Question: What natural feature covers approximately 6% of the Earth's land surface, and harbors 40% of the Earth's species? Answer: Tropical rainforest
Question: What name is given to the huge growths of algae sometimes seen in polluted lakes and rivers? Answer: A bloom
Question: What was the name of the dioxin-containing defoliant used during the Vietnam war by the USA army? Answer: Agent Orange
Question: CITES is an international agreement on which environmental problem? Answer: The trade in endangered species
Question: What prevents the earth's atmosphere from floating out into space? Answer: Gravity
Question: Which of the emissions from cars are acidic? Answer: Nitrogen oxides
Question: Which quarry in the Italian region of Tuscany is renowned for the quality of its marble? Answer: Carrara
Question: What is the name given to the geological time period of 363-290 million years ago during which coal measures were formed? Answer: Carboniferous
Question: Which is further north, the tropic of cancer or the tropic of Capricorn? Answer: Tropic of Cancer
Question: What name is given to your angular distance on the Earth's surface relative to the equator? Answer: Latitude
Question: Which landlocked Asian country is described as the world's 'highest rubbish dump' because of all the refuse left behind by expeditions? Answer: Nepal
Question: What name is given to the layer of the atmosphere closest to the surface of the Earth? Answer: Troposphere
Question: What name is given to the Earth's single continent, which existed 250 million years ago? Answer: Pangaea
Question: What component of CFCs causes destruction of ozone? Answer: Chlorine
Question: What does a barometer measure? Answer: Atmospheric pressure
Question: What is the basic chemical composition of malachite? Answer: Copper carbonate
Question: What is the term for a fold of the Earth's crust in which the layers of rock dip inwards? Answer: Syncline
Question: Which clouds only occur above 10,000 meters? Answer: Cirrus
Question: What kind of a person might study a podzol? Answer: A soil scientist
Question: Which gas in the atmosphere can be turned into fertilizer by some microbes? Answer: Nitrogen
Question: Which layer of the Earth is believed to be formed of molten iron and nickel? Answer: Outer core
Question: What is the collective noun for rhinoceri? Answer: Crash
Question: What type of rock is formed by the rapid cooling of molten lava? Answer: Obsidian
Question: What name is given to the rock formations used as a source of water? Answer: Aquifers
Question: How long does it take for the Earth to spin once on its axis? Answer: One day
Question: What is a very hard, naturally-occurring mineral, of which ruby and sapphire are gem quality varieties? Answer: Corundum
Question: Corundum is a mineral oxide of which metal? Answer: Aluminum
Question: What is the name of the force which keeps the planets in orbit around the sun? Answer: Gravity
Question: Which planet is named after the Roman god of war? Answer: Mars
Question: Which planet is closest to the sun? Answer: Mercury
Question: Which two planets take less time than Earth to orbit the sun? Answer: Mercury and Venus
Question: Which planet has a day which lasts eight months? Answer: Venus
Question: What is the term for a natural satellite? Answer: Moon
Question: Who was the first man in space? Answer: Yuri Gagarin
Question: Which was the first space probe to leave the solar system? Answer: Pioneer 10
Question: What is almost halfway through its 10-billion-year life, will expand to become a red giant and then shrink to become a white dwarf? Answer: The sun
Question: Which planet orbits the Sun four times in the time it takes the Earth to go round once? Answer: Mercury
Question: Which is the largest moon in the solar system? Answer: Ganymede
Question: Where, theoretically, might one find objects squeezed to an infinite density? Answer: Black Hole
Question: Which is the largest moon of Saturn? Answer: Titan
Question: Which is the largest planet in the solar system? Answer: Jupiter
Question: What is the smallest planet in the solar system? Answer: Pluto
Question: Which is the brightest comet in the solar system? Answer: Halley's comet
Question: What would you find if you travelled to the centre of the solar system? Answer: The Sun
Question: How many planets are there in the solar system? Answer: Nine
Question: Which planet is named after the Roman goddess of love? Answer: Venus
Question: What kind of extraterrestrial objet has been named after the 17th-century astronomer Edmond Halley? Answer: A Comet
Question: What was the first artificial satellite? Answer: Sputnik 1
Question: What is the name of the space shuttle destroyed in midair 28 Jan 1986? Answer: Challenger
Question: What, ultimately, will the sun become? Answer: A white dwarf
Question: Which planet takes almost 30 Earth years to orbit the sun? Answer: Saturn
Question: What is the most distant object visible to the naked eye? Answer: Andromeda galaxy
Question: Which planet is the densest? Answer: Earth
Question: What is the name given to the super dense stars that sometimes result form a supernova? Answer: Neutron Stars
Question: What shape is the Milky Way? Answer: Spiral
Question: When was the first Pioneer space probe launched? Answer: 1958
Question: Which planet id named after the sky-god who was father of the Titans? Answer: Uranus
Question: Visible sunspots vary in number according to a cycle of how many years? Answer: Eleven
Question: Which planet is usually the furthest form the Sun, but sometimes is not? Answer: Pluto
Question: What was the name of the American mission to land a man on the Moon? Answer: Apollo project
Question: What was the name of the American space station? Answer: Skylab
Question: Which country built the Saturn V rocket? Answer: USA
Question: Which objects in space emit energy in pulses? Answer: Pulsars
Question: What travels around the Sun at an average speed of 185 miles per second. Answer: The earth
Question: Which is the second lightest element in the universe? Answer: Helium
Question: What is the name of the thousands of small bodies which orbit the Sun? Answer: Asteroids
Question: What can contract to give birth to a star? Answer: A nebula
Question: What is the name for the study of the structure of the universe? Answer: Cosmology
Question: What units are used for measuring distances in the universe? Answer: Light years
Question: What is another name for a shooting or falling star? Answer: Meteor
Question: What is the Latin name for the North Star? Answer: Polaris
Question: Scientists study the red shift to investigate which aspect of cosmology? Answer: The expansion of the universe
Question: Which planet possesses the Galilean satellites? Answer: Jupiter
Question: What is brighter than a hundred million suns? Answer: A supernova
Question: Who developed the 'aperture synthesis' method of radio astronomy? Answer: Martin Ryle
Question: Saturn's ring has how many sections? Answer: Three
Question: What was the name of two space probes launched in 1977 which sent back remarkable pictures of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune? Answer: voyager 1 and voyager 2
Question: Which planet has one moon called Charon? Answer: Pluto
Question: What are the clouds of interstellar dust, said to be the birthplace of stars? Answer: Nebulae
Question: What is the astronomical unit equal to 32,616 light years? Answer: Parsec
Question: Which is the second largest planet in the solar system? Answer: Saturn
Question: Which planet has been the focus of investigations for signs of life? Answer: Mars
Question: In the general theory of relativity what causes space-time to be modified? Answer: Mass
Question: Which space probes failed to find life on Mars? Answer: Viking probes
Question: Which type of celestial object emits bursts of energy at regular intervals? Answer: Pulsar
Question: What is the defining feature of a neutron star? Answer: Great density
Question: Which country has the airline KLM? Answer: The Netherlands
Question: What two letters are worth the most in a game of Scrabble? Answer: Q and Z
Question: After how many years of marriage would you celebrate your ruby anniversary? Answer: 40
Question: Where would a troglodyte live? In a cave, up a tree or underwater? Answer: In a cave
Question: How many counters does each player have at the start of a game of backgammon? Answer: 15
Question: How many centimetres make up a hand, the measurement used on horses? Answer: 10
Question: In what year did the weather forecast appear in The Times newspaper for the first time? Answer: 1860
Question: What is the largest of the West Indian islands? Answer: Cuba
Question: St Johnstown was once the capital city of Scotland. By what name is St Johnstown now known? Answer: Perth
Question: What is the largest city in Switzerland? Answer: Zurich
Question: The Ural Mountains form a natural border between which two continents? Answer: Asia and Europe
Question: What is the capital of Iraq? Answer: Baghdad
Question: In which English County can you find 4 towns with the suffix Regis? Answer: Dorset
Question: In which ocean is the island group the Maldives? Answer: The Indian Ocean
Question: Which river runs through the Grand Canyon? Answer: The Colorado
Question: What country had the Roman name Hibernia? Answer: Ireland
Question: Which superhero has a butler named Alfred? Answer: Batman
Question: What is Hypnophobia the fear of? Answer: Sleep
Question: What famous person has the real name of Eldrick Woods? Answer: Tiger Woods
Question: What is Fred Flintstone's wife called? Answer: Wilma
Question: What is the collective noun for a group of monkeys? Answer: A troop
Question: Which film about Vietnam won the best picture at the 1978 Oscars? Answer: The Deer Hunter
Question: What became the tallest building in the world when it opened in 1931? Answer: The Empire State Building
Question: In what year did Percy L. Spencer invent the microwave? Answer: 1947
Question: Which famous character was created by Michael Bond in a series of books for children? Answer: Paddington Bear
Question: Which of the Bronte sisters wrote Wuthering Heights? Answer: Emily
Question: Becky Sharp is the name of a character in which famous novel, which is also the title of a famous magazine? Answer: Vanity Fair
Question: In George Orwell's Animal Farm what type of animal was Napoleon? Answer: A pig
Question: What rock did Graham Greene write about? Answer: Brighton Rock
Question: All children, except one, grow up is the opening line from which famous story? Answer: Peter Pan
Question: Who wrote the novel The 39 Steps? Answer: John Buchan
Question: Which famous book, published in 1816, is sub-titled The Modern Prometheus? Answer: Frankenstein
Question: When was the nobel prize for literature first awarded? Answer: 1901
Question: What major war began on 10 October, 1899? Answer: The Boer War
Question: The words Czar and Kaiser are both derived from which famous person in history? Answer: Julius Caesar
Question: Which British monarch was on the throne at the beginning of the 20th Century? Answer: Queen Victoria
Question: Which American President ordered the dropping of the first atomic bomb? Answer: Harry S Truman
Question: Florence Nightingale was a nurse during which war? Answer: The Crimean War
Question: What were the surnames of Bonnie and Clyde? Answer: Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow
Question: Which brothers invented the airplane in 1903? Answer: Wilbur and Orville Wright
Question: How many funnels did the Titanic have? Answer: Four
Question: In what year was highwayman Dick Turpin hanged? Answer: 1739
Question: Maximus Decimus Meridius was the main character in which film? Answer: Gladiator
Question: In which 1955 film does Frank Sinatra play Nathan Detroit? Answer: Guys And Dolls
Question: What is the full title to the sequel to the film Home Alone? Answer: Home Alone 2: Lost In New York
Question: On the set of what film did Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman fall in love and then got married later in the same year? Answer: Days Of Thunder
Question: For which newspaper does Clark Kent work in Superman? Answer: The Daily Planet
Question: Chemically pure gold contains how many carats? Answer: 24
Question: What is the boiling point of water in degrees Fahrenheit? Answer: 212
Question: Who wrote the book A Brief History Of Time? Answer: Stephen Hawking
Question: What did Nicholas Copernicus argue was at the centre of our universe, and what was the common belief before then? Answer: The Sun - before then people believed it was the Earth
Question: How is the gas Nitrous Oxide better known? Answer: Laughing gas
Question: In what year was Albert Einstein born? Answer: 1879
Question: How many housing property squares are there on a Monopoly board? Answer: 22
Question: Is the bottom stripe on the USA flag red or white? Answer: Red
Question: How many times does the letter p occur in the first line of the tongue twister about Peter Piper? Answer: 9
Question: Which line on the London Underground is represented by the colour yellow? Answer: The Circle Line
Question: If a month has a Friday the thirteenth then on what day of the week would that month begin? Answer: Sunday
Question: Out of all the animals which make up the Chinese horoscope, which comes first alphabetically? Answer: Dog
Question: What type of dogs are commonly kept by Eskimos? Answer: Huskies
Question: If the cheetah is the fastest thing on four legs, what is the fastest on two legs? Answer: The ostrich
Question: What is the national bird of New Zealand? Answer: The kiwi
Question: The body of the Egyptian Sphinx was based on which animal? Answer: A lion
Question: What colour are the spots on a common ladybird? Answer: Black
Question: The Chihauhau dog derives it's name from a town in which country? Answer: Mexico
Question: Out of all the animals in the Chinese horoscope, which comes last alphabetically? Answer: Tiger
Question: Which famous footballer left Tottenham in 1992 to join Japanese side Grampus Eight? Answer: Gary Lineker
Question: On a football pitch, how many yards should the penalty spot be from the goal line? Answer: 12
Question: In what year was the first World Cup held? Answer: 1930
Question: What was the number on the back of the jersey that both Maradona and Pele said was lucky? Answer: 10
Question: Who managed the first English side to win the European Cup? Answer: Matt Busby
Question: Which English football team are nicknamed the Hornets? Answer: Watford
Question: Which is the only country to have played in every World Cup since it started in 1930? Answer: Brazil
Question: The book Macca Can was about which ex-Liverpool footballer? Answer: Steve McMahon
Question: Which European football club is nicknamed La Vicchia Signora, which translates as the old lady? Answer: Juventus
Question: In what year was the first penalty scored in an FA Cup final? Answer: 1910
Question: Which male singer sang the opening line of the original Band Aid single Do They Know It's Christmas? Answer: Paul Young's
Question: By what name is Graham McPherson better known as in the music world? Answer: Suggs
Question: Which 90s song includes the line What a wicked thing to do, to make me dream of you? Answer: Wicked Game
Question: What was Blondie's first UK number one single? Answer: Heart Of Glass
Question: What single by Wet Wet Wet spent 15 weeks at number one in the UK charts in 1994? Answer: Love Is All Around
Question: Which comedy duo had a number one hit in the UK with The Stonk in 1991? Answer: Hale And Pace
Question: The Beatles' last live performance was at Candlestick Park in San Francisco. In what year was this? Answer: 1966
Question: What song was the Christmas number one in the UK in both 1975 and 1991? Answer: Bohemian Rhapsody
Question: What organisation is also known as La Cosa Nostra? Answer: The Mafia
Question: Which American president gave the order to withdraw from the Vietnam War? Answer: Richard Nixon
Question: Who wrote The old man of Lochnagar? Answer: Prince Charles
Question: In the stock exchange what animal is used as a nickname to describe someone who sells shares thinking that the price will fall? Answer: Bear
Question: If you were born on Christmas day, what would your star sign be? Answer: Capricorn
Question: What type of headgear was named after a battle in the Crimean War? Answer: Balaclava
Question: What nationality was Christopher Columbus? Answer: Italian
Question: When women first got the vote in Britain in 1918, how old did they have to be? Answer: 30
Question: Who in 1961 made the first space flight? Answer: Yuri Gagarin
Question: What was the Roman name for Scotland? Answer: Caledonia
Question: What was the first country to issue postage stamps? Answer: Great Britain
Question: What famous building did John Nash rebuild in 1825? Answer: Buckingham Palace
Question: Who was the first American President to resign from office? Answer: Richard Nixon
Question: For how many years did Louis XIV of France reign? Answer: 72
Question: In what country was the game of golf invented? Answer: Scotland
Question: How many players in total get down in a normal rugby union scrum? Answer: 16
Question: How many players make up a netball team? Answer: 7
Question: What is the maximum no of match points that can be held at one time in a tennis match at Wimbledon? Answer: 6
Question: In what year was the first World Snooker Championship held? Answer: 1927
Question: In the novel 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea what was the name of the captain of the submarine Nautilus? Answer: Captain Nemo
Question: In the series of children's Noddy books, what is the name of the policeman? Answer: Mr. Plod
Question: To what animal was Robert Burns referring in his poem with the lines Wee, sleekit, cow'rin, tim'rous beastie? Answer: A mouse
Question: Which French artist, born in 1834 was best known for his paintings of ballet dancers? Answer: Edgar Degas
Question: What novel by Ray Bradbury was named for the temperature at which book paper catches fire and burns? Answer: Fahrenheit 451
Question: Who wrote The Ugly Duckling and The Emperor's New Clothes? Answer: Hans Christian Anderson
Question: What are the first names of the four children who enter Narnia through a wardrobe in The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe? Answer: Susan, Peter, Edmund and Lucy
Question: In what year did Agatha Christie die? Answer: 1976
Question: What is the only venomous snake in Britain? Answer: The Adder
Question: Built in 1869, which famous British ship was named after a Scottish undergarment? Answer: The Cutty Sark
Question: In which British city would you find Arthur's Seat? Answer: Edinburgh
Question: The popular British pub name The Royal Oak is named after which King? Answer: Charles II
Question: What is the oldest University in Britain? Answer: Oxford
Question: In which British city was Guy Fawkes born and Dick Turpin killed? Answer: York
Question: In which year was British Prime Minister Spencer Perceval assasinated? Answer: 1812
Question: What is the tallest and thickest type of grass? Answer: Bamboo
Question: In nature, what does a dendrologist study? Answer: Trees
Question: What is the largest mammal in the world and can reach a length of 100 foot? Answer: The Blue Whale
Question: What is the only known substance that naturally exists on Earth in all three chemical states? Answer: Water
Question: What is the only animal to have four knees? Answer: Elephant
Question: In what year did Sir Frederick Banting and J. J. R. MacLeod discover insulin? Answer: 1922
Question: What is the hottest, driest, and lowest place in North America called? Answer: Death Valley
Question: What is the second most common letter used in the English language? Answer: T
Question: In which hand does the Statue Of Liberty hold a torch? Left or Right? Answer: Right
Question: How many yards are in a furlong? Answer: 220
Question: What is the only gemstone to be composed of one single element? Answer: Diamond
Question: How many stars appear on the flag of New Zealand? Answer: 4
Question: Which popular sport features in the NATO phonetic alphabet? Answer: Golf
Question: Who first argued that the world was not flat? Answer: Aristotle
Question: Which metal is the best conductor of electricity? Answer: Silver
Question: The binary system of numbers uses which two numerical digits? Answer: 1 and 0
Question: Which scientist was born in Germany in 1879, became a Swiss citizen in 1901 and later became a US citizen in 1940? Answer: Albert Einstein
Question: What is the sum of the internal angles in a hexagon? Answer: 720 degrees
Question: What is the most common blood type in humans? Answer: O
Question: What is the atomic number of the element Californium? Answer: 98
Question: Which 1974 sequel won six Oscars? Answer: The Godfather: Part 2
Question: Which 1986 film had the tag-line Be afraid. Be very afraid.? Answer: The Fly
Question: Who provided the voice of the genie in the 1992 animated film Aladdin? Answer: Robin Williams
Question: What 1968 film features the characters Caractacus Potts and Truly Scrumptious? Answer: Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
Question: What was the first film that Alfred Hitchcock made in Hollywood and the only one that won a Best Picture Oscar? Answer: Rebecca
Question: Which actor provides the voice for Rocky in the film Chicken Run? Answer: Mel Gibson
Question: When Walt Disney's seven dwarfs went off to work in the mines, what were they looking for? Answer: Diamonds
Question: In which year was the film studio Paramount opened? Answer: 1912
Question: James Earl Ray was responsible for who's death in 1968? Answer: Martin Luther King's
Question: Who created havoc in 1938, when his radio broadcast of The War Of The Worlds was believed to be true? Answer: Orson Welles
Question: Which major British newspaper closed down for almost a year in 1978? Answer: The Times
Question: Who was the biggest selling female artist in America in the 1990s? Answer: Mariah Carey
Question: Which American President saw active service in both the first and second World Wars? Answer: Eisenhower
Question: What nationality was painter Salvador Dali? Answer: Spanish
Question: The name Wendy was first made up in which famous book? Answer: Peter Pan
Question: What 1948 novel was originally going to be called The Last Man in Europe? Answer: 1984
Question: Which famous novel was based on the real-life exploits of Alexander Selkirk? Answer: Robinson Crusoe
Question: Which of Shakespeare's plays has a title which is also a proverb? Answer: All's Well That Ends Well
Question: What were the christian names of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde? Answer: Henry (Jekyll) and Edward (Hyde)
Question: What were the christian names of the three Bronte sisters? Answer: Anne, Charlotte and Emily
Question: Who had a hit in 1987 with the single Tonight, Tonight, Tonight? Answer: Genesis
Question: Fun Lovin' Criminals' hit Love Unlimited is a tribute to which singer? Answer: Barry White
Question: Richard Starkey is the real name of which famous musician? Answer: Ringo Starr
Question: What famous heavy metal band is named after a medieval torture device? Answer: Iron Maiden
Question: John Travolta and Olivia Newton John had UK number one hit singles in 1978 with which two songs? Answer: You're The One That I Want and Summer Nights
Question: Who was the lead singer of the 1960s Irish group, Them? Answer: Van Morrison
Question: What famous song from the film Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid won an Oscar for best song? Answer: Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head
Question: How many black keys are there on the a standard piano? Answer: 36
Question: Which band member is missing from the line-up of Ray Manzarek, Robby Krieger and John Densmore? Answer: Jim Morrison
Question: In the song The Twelve Days Of Christmas, what did my true love give to me on the 12th day? Answer: 12 Drummers Drumming
Question: Who wrote the Christmas story, The Snowman? Answer: Raymond Briggs
Question: What colour is Santa Claus' belt? Answer: Black
Question: In the TV show The Simpsons, who or what is Santa's Little Helper? Answer: The pet dog
Question: In Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol, how many different ghosts visited Scrooge? Answer: 4
Question: Which country traditionally provides Britain with a Christmas tree for Trafalgar Square in London? Answer: Norway
Question: Who were Balthazar, Melchior and Caspar? Answer: The Three Wise Men
Question: From the Christmas Carol Good King Wenceslas, where was Good King Wenceslas the King of? Answer: Bohemia
Question: In which famous Christmas Song is a snowman pretended to be Parsons Brown? Answer: Winter Wonderland
Question: In what year was the first Christmas card produced? Answer: 1843
Question: In which city in England is the National Railway Museum? Answer: York
Question: In folklore, who is the king of the elves and fairies? Answer: Oberon
Question: What is the most common colour that appears in the flags of the world? Answer: Red
Question: How many stars make up Orion's belt? Answer: 3
Question: What was left in Pandora's box after she released misery and evil? Answer: Hope
Question: How many pieces does each player have in backgammon? Answer: 15
Question: What cocktail consists of Tia Maria, Vodka and Coke? Answer: A black Russian
Question: What colour are the seats in the House of Lords? Red, Blue or Green? Answer: Red
Question: Which Roman God is one of the symbols of St Valentine's Day? Answer: Cupid
Question: What sign of the zodiac would you be if you were born on St. Valentine's Day? Answer: Aquarius
Question: When Marilyn Monroe died, who asked for a fresh rose to be placed on her grave, every week, forever? Answer: Joe Dimaggio
Question: In the St. Valentine's Day Massacre, what were the hitmen dressed as? Answer: Policemen
Question: Which Shakespearian character said Good morrow. 'Tis St. Valentine's Day? Answer: Ophelia
Question: Born in Italy in 1895, who was known as cinema's first great lover? Answer: Rudolph Valentino
Question: Containing the lines You're asking me will my love grow, I don't know, I don't know, which Beatles' song did Frank Sinatra describe as the greatest love song ever written? Answer: Something
Question: What was the challanging method of catching a fly asked of Daniel in the film The Karate Kid? Answer: Using chopsticks to do it
Question: Who, in 1984, won the BBC Sports Personality Of The Year Award, the only time it has been awarded to two people? Answer: Torvill and Dean
Question: How many babies did Janet Walton give birth to in November, 1983? Answer: 6
Question: Who played Lord Melchett in the TV comedy series Blackadder II? Answer: Stephen Fry
Question: Which band had a hit in the 1980s with the single Broken Wings? Answer: Mr. Mister
Question: Which actress starred in the 1980s films The Breakfast Club and Pretty In Pink and later turned down the Julia Roberts role in Pretty Woman? Answer: Molly Ringwald
Question: Actor Richard Kiel is best known for playing the same character in two different films. What is the name of this character? Answer: Jaws
Question: Which American author created the character Rip Van Winkle? Answer: Washington Irving
Question: Pebbles and Bam Bam was a spin-off of which TV series? Answer: The Flintstones
Question: In which Formula One team did Damon Hill replace Nigel Mansell? Answer: Williams
Question: In what year did the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbour? Answer: 1941
Question: What was the name of the character played by Harrison Ford in the films Clear And Present Danger and Patriot Games? Answer: Jack Ryan
Question: In which American state is there a town called Santa Claus, which receives over half a million letters and requests at Christmas time? Answer: Indiana
Question: In space it is impossible to cry? Answer: True
Question: Copyrightable is the longest word in the English language that can be written without repeating a letter? Answer: False
Question: Over 80,000 photographs are taken around the world every second? Answer: False
Question: What was the most recent film to win a best picture Oscar which was predominantly black and white? Answer: Schindler's List
Question: Which film was adapted from a Michael Ondaajte novel and went on to win 9 Oscars? Answer: The English Patient
Question: Which person was nominated for Oscars for acting, directing and writing for the 1981 film Reds? Answer: Warren Beatty
Question: Which 80 year old said well, good for me, after being told she was the oldest person to win an Oscar for acting? Answer: Jessica Tandy
Question: The 1971 TV movie Duel was one of the first pieces of work by which Oscar winning film director? Answer: Steven Spielberg
Question: What is currently the only sequel to have won a best picture Oscar? Answer: The Godfather : Part II
Question: What was the name of the 1998 Italian film which was nominated for a best picture Oscar? Answer: Life Is Beautiful
Question: What was the first animated film to be nominated for a best picture Oscar? Answer: Beauty and the Beast
Question: How many times has Bob Hope hosted the Oscars ceremony? Answer: 18
Question: After which famous person in history was the teddy bear named? Answer: Theodore Roosevelt
Question: What type of sweet did Mars and Murrie develop in 1941? Answer: M & Ms
Question: Which geographical location was the first word spoken on the moon? Answer: Houston
Question: In 1785, Blanchard and Jeffries became the first to cross the English channel using which method of transport? Answer: Balloon
Question: What historic event does the nursery rhyme Ring-a-ring of roses commemorate? Answer: The Great Plague
Question: Who was the British Prime Minister at the outbreak of the Second World War? Answer: Neville Chamberlain
Question: In America, what became the 49th state to enter the union in 1959? Answer: Alaska
Question: In what year was the first English translation of the Bible completed? Answer: 1388
Question: What is Britain's largest lake? Answer: Loch Lomond
Question: In which city is Marco Polo airport? Answer: Venice
Question: What is the only American state with a name which has just one syllable? Answer: Maine
Question: What is the only county in England to have two separate coasts? Answer: Devon
Question: Behind Russia, what is the second largest country in Europe? Answer: Ukraine
Question: Which of the four main Balearic Islands is closest to Spain? Answer: Ibiza
Question: In which American state is Cape Canaveral, a launching site for space travel? Answer: Florida
Question: What is the largest country in Africa? Answer: Sudan
Question: If Alaska is the biggest state in America, what is second biggest? Answer: Texas
Question: I am so fragile that when you say my name you break me. What am I? Answer: Silence
Question: I can run, but I can't walk. I've got a mouth, but I can't talk. I have a head, but I never weep. I have a bed, but I never sleep. What am I? Answer: A river
Question: Mary's father has got four daughters. The first is called Ann, the second is called Anna and the third is called Annie. What is the name of the other daughter? Answer: Mary.
Question: A woman was pushing her car. When she stopped at a hotel, she realised she was bankrupt. Why? Answer: She was playing Monopoly
Question: I have keys, but no locks. I have space, but no room. You can enter, but you can't come in. What am I? Answer: A keyboard
Question: An aeroplane carrying 40 people crashed over the Atlantic Ocean, with every single person being killed. Yet two passengers survived. How is this possible? Answer: They were married.
Question: What is the fastest animal on 2 legs, which can reach a speed of around 40 miles per hour? Answer: Ostrich
Question: Who is better known as Topolino in Italy? Answer: Mickey Mouse
Question: Which stand-up comedian has the real name of Royston Vasey? Answer: Roy Chubby Brown
Question: In which series of action films does the character of John McClane appear? Answer: Die Hard
Question: According to the Bible on what day did God create the beasts of the Earth? Answer: 5th
Question: What cartoon characters are described as being three apples high? Answer: The Smurfs
Question: Which 1973 number one by Slade was later covered by Oasis? Answer: Cum On Feel The Noize
Question: Which band released the 1999 comeback single Maria? Answer: Blondie
Question: What was Cher's first UK solo number one hit single? Answer: The Shoop Shoop Song
Question: Which successful British pop group got their name from part of the title of a children's TV show and part of the title of a song by Roxy Music? Answer: Bananarama
Question: Which US three piece band is made up of Taylor, Isaac and Zac? Answer: Hanson
Question: How many UK top 40 hits did Prince have in the 1980s? Answer: 20
Question: What is the most popular sport to feature in films? Answer: Boxing
Question: Which famous video game character was originally called Jumpman? Answer: Mario
Question: What is the only ten letter word that can be typed on only the top row of a keyboard or typewriter? Answer: Typewriter
Question: According to the traditional rhyme, a child born on which day is said to be full of grace? Answer: Tuesday
Question: What were the stripes on the old-fashioned barber shop poles meant to represent? Answer: Blood
Question: In what year did Bugs Bunny make his debut? Answer: 1937
Question: The 1991 novel Scarlett by Alexandra Ripley was a sequel to which other novel? Answer: Gone With The Wind
Question: Which famous book by Herman Melville opens with the line Call Me Ishmael? Answer: Moby Dick
Question: By what name was Percy Blakeney better known in a novel by Baroness Orczy? Answer: The Scarlet Pimpernel
Question: What is the name given to the system for categorising library books? Answer: Dewey Decimal System
Question: Behind Shakespeare, who is the second most published author of all time? Answer: Charles Dickens
Question: Which Thomas Harris novel was the top selling adult fiction novel of the year 2000 in the UK? Answer: Hannibal
Question: Which company is responsible for Mates condoms? Answer: Virgin
Question: What name was given to Columbian goalkeeper Rene Higuita's spectacular clearance against England, when he dived under the ball and back-heeled it while airborne? Answer: The Scorpion
Question: Which pop group were formed in Sheffield in 1977 and took there name from a pair of detectives in the Adventures of Tin Tin? Answer: The Thompson Twins
Question: Fierce Creatures was the follow up to which successful comedy film? Answer: A Fish Called Wanda
Question: In Greek mythology, what creature had a mans head, trunk and arms, and a horse's body and legs? Answer: Centaur
Question: Hermit, spider and blue are all types of which creature? Answer: Crab
Question: In which film did Robert De Niro play boxer Jake La Motta? Answer: Raging Bull
Question: Who won the PFA Players Player of the Year award after his first Premiership season in 2001/02? Answer: Ruud Van Nistelroy
Question: Brian Deane scored the first ever Premiership goal for which team? Answer: Sheffield United
Question: Who was the top scorer in the first English Premiership in 1992/93, playing for both Nottingham Forest and Tottenham Hotspur? Answer: Teddy Sheringham
Question: After the 1994/95 Premiership season, which Tottenham Hotspur player became the first foreigner to win the footballer of the year award? Answer: Jurgen Klinsmann
Question: Which team won the first English Premiership in 1992/93? Answer: Manchester United
Question: Playing for Leeds United in August 1992, who became the first player to score a hat-trick in the Premiership? Answer: Eric Cantona
Question: Who were the first team to field an all foreign starting line up in the English Premiership? Answer: Chelsea
Question: As at the start of the 2002/03 season, who is the Premiership's all-time top scorer? Answer: Alan Shearer
Question: How many own goals were scored in the 2001/02 Premiership season? Answer: 24
Question: What is Homer's local bar called? Answer: Moe's Tavern
Question: What was Maggie Simpson's first word? Answer: Daddy
Question: Lisa's jazz-playing mentor was Bleeding Gums ...who? Answer: Murphy
Question: Who ran a store selling items for left-handed people called 'The Leftorium'? Answer: Ned Flanders
Question: What is the name of the shop run by Apu? Answer: Kwik E Mart
Question: What are the names of the twins in Bart's class at school? Answer: Sherri and Terri
Question: Who did Lisa have her first kiss with? Answer: Nelson
Question: Which character in The Simpsons is also known as Rainer Wolfcastle? Answer: McBain
Question: Michael Bond wrote about which famous bear in a series of books for children? Answer: Paddington Bear
Question: What was the name of author A. A. Milne's real-life son, who he used in his Winnie the Pooh books? Answer: Christopher Robin
Question: In the Harry Potter novels, what species of owl is Hedwig? Answer: Snowy Owl
Question: Roger Hargreaves created which characters in a series of books in the 1970s? Answer: The Mr. Men
Question: What is Charlie's surname in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory? Answer: Bucket
Question: Which children's book features Tweedledum and Tweedledee? Answer: Alice In Wonderland
Question: In what year was Mary Poppins written? Answer: 1934
Question: Which fruit has the scientific name of malus pumulia? Answer: The apple
Question: Which drink is sometimes referred to as Adam's ale? Answer: Water
Question: What is the most widely eaten meat in the world? Answer: Pork
Question: What type of sweets was American President Ronald Reagan known for having on his desk? Answer: Jelly-beans
Question: Which country would you associate with the dish Couscous? Answer: Tunisia
Question: In which country was ice cream invented? Answer: China
Question: You are running a race and overtake the person who is in third place. In which position are you now? Answer: Third.
Question: What is the first name of Hammerstein from the famous songwriting duo Rogers and Hammerstein? Answer: Oscar
Question: Which country's national symbol is a Lotus flower? Answer: India
Question: In which month is St Andrew's Day? Answer: November
Question: What was the name of the character played by Richard Wilson in One Foot In The Grave? Answer: Victor Meldrew
Question: What sport would you be playing if competing for the Harry Vardon trophy? Answer: Golf
Question: What name is given to a bet with four selections and comprising six doubles, four trebles and one four-fold? Answer: Yankee
Question: What is the capital of Peru? Answer: Lima
Question: What type of ball did Nolan Ryan once throw at a record speed of 100.9 miles per hour? Answer: Baseball
Question: How many hurdles must a runner jump over in the 110m men's hurdles race? Answer: 10
Question: In which sport is the position of goal attack found? Answer: Netball
Question: Which famous sportsman lit the torch at the opening ceremony of the 1996 Olympic Games? Answer: Muhammed Ali
Question: Which famous race takes place annually between Putney and Mortlake? Answer: The Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Question: How is the sport of tauromachy better known? Answer: Bull Fighting
Question: How many kilometres long is the walk - the longest race in men's athletics? Answer: 50
Question: Which three footballers won the BBC Sports Personality Of The Year Award in the 20th century? Answer: Bobby Moore, Paul Gasgoine and Michael Owen
Question: What is Sir Donald Bradman's test cricket batting average? Answer: 99.94
Question: As at the start of 2003, what is the make and model of the bestselling car of all time? Answer: Toyota Corolla
Question: The prancing horse is the symbol of which racing car? Answer: Ferrari
Question: Who designed the first modern petrol-driven internal combustion engine for the car? Answer: Gottlieb Daimler
Question: What make of car featured in the film Back To The Future? Answer: De Lorean
Question: In which country was the first Audi made? Answer: Germany
Question: Behind U.S.A. which country has the second longest road network in the world? Answer: India
Question: According to the Highway Code, passengers of what age and above are responsible for themselves wearing a seatbelt? Answer: 14
Question: What was the name of the Volkswagen Beetle which made it's first appearance in The Love Bug? Answer: Herbie
Question: In which year did Czechoslovakia become the first country to make seat belts compulsory? Answer: 1969
Question: Which African country has the highest population? Answer: Nigeria
Question: As in the famous song Girl From Ipanema, in which country is Ipanema? Answer: Brazil
Question: What is name of the strait that divides New Zealand into Northern and Southern parts? Answer: Cook Strait
Question: In which Indian city would you find the Taj Mahal? Answer: Agra
Question: Which country has the longest coastline in the world? Answer: Canada
Question: In which year did California become one of the United States of America? Answer: 1850
Question: What were the first names of the three Bronte sisters? Answer: Anne, Charlotte and Emily
Question: Ti Amo means I Love You in which language? Answer: Italian
Question: Which Elvis Presley film has the word love in the title and is the only one in which his character dies? Answer: Love Me Tender
Question: Who discovered penicillin on Valentine's Day in 1929? Answer: Sir Alexander Fleming
Question: What was the name of the car in the film The Love Bug? Answer: Herbie
Question: Which brothers' last film was called Love Happy? Answer: Marx Brothers
Question: Which film starring Bill Murray includes the line Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm a schizophrenic and so am I? Answer: What About Bob
Question: In which year did Charles, Duke of Orleans, send the first known Valentine's card? Answer: 1415
Question: What was Alfred Hitchcock's first colour movie? Answer: Rope
Question: What colour is the cross on the flag of Switzerland? Answer: White
Question: In which children's TV show could you have seen the character of Windy Miller? Answer: Camberwick Green
Question: In which 1996 film does Eddie Murphy play characters including Sherman Klump and Buddy Love? Answer: The Nutty Professor
Question: Yperite, first used by the German army in September 1917, is better known as what type of gas? Answer: Mustard Gas
Question: In 2000, who bared all at the Gielgud Theatre replacing Kathleen Turner in the role of Mrs Robinson in the play The Graduate? Answer: Jerry Hall
Question: What is the most common name for a pub in Britain? Answer: The Red Lion
Question: In Star Trek, what colour is Mr. Spock's blood? Answer: Green
Question: How many different ways are there to make change of a dollar? 111, 293 or 487? Answer: 293
Question: Which 1997 film starring Jack Nicholson is known in China as Mr. Cat Poop? Answer: As Good As It Gets
Question: As at March 2003, who were the last football team to win the FA Cup final wearing stripes? Answer: Coventry City
Question: How many teaspoons are there in a cup? Answer: 48
Question: What are the main four blood groups? Answer: A, B, AB and O
Question: The average person grows how many inches of hair each year? 6, 10 or 15? Answer: 6 inches
Question: In degrees centigrade, what is the normal body temperature? Answer: 37
Question: The condition of seasonal allergic rhinitis is better known by what name? Answer: Hayfever
Question: By what name is the trachea more commonly known? Answer: Wind-pipe
Question: What are the names given to the pits in the skin from which hairs grow out of? Answer: Follicles
Question: Where in the body would you find the cochlea and the stirrup? Answer: Ear
Question: How many bones are there in a normal human hand? Answer: 27
Question: Which 1959 film won 11 Oscars? Answer: Ben Hur
Question: Which actor won the 1995 Best Supporting Actor Oscar and the 1999 Best Actor Oscar, currently the only two times he has been nominated? Answer: Kevin Spacey
Question: Who won a Best Supporting Actress Award in 1998 for a performance of less than 8 minutes of screen time? Answer: Judi Dench
Question: As at 2003, how many women have won a Best Director Oscar? Answer: None
Question: In what year was the best foreign film category introduced to the Academy Awards? Answer: 1948
Question: What was the name of author A. A. Milne's son, the name of whom he used in his Winnie The Pooh books? Answer: Christopher Robin
Question: What is the profession of a leprechaun? Answer: Cobbler
Question: Lanzarote and Tenerife are part of which group of islands? Answer: Canary Islands
Question: What colour is Sonic the Hedgehog? Answer: Blue
Question: Walter Fredrick Morrison sold the rights to his Pluto Platter in 1955, but under what name did this toy become popular? Answer: Frisbee
Question: In the game of Cluedo, which of the rooms would come last alphabetically? Answer: Study
Question: What item of food inspired the idea for the computer game pac man? Answer: Pizza
Question: What is Barbie's boyfriend's first name? Answer: Ken
Question: How many points would the word Scrabble score in the game of Scrabble? Answer: 14
Question: Which company who make toy cars and other models won the first toy of the year award in 1965 for a model Aston Martin from the first James Bond film? Answer: Corgi
Question: What was the name of the Japanese virtual pets that became very popular throughout the world in 1997? Answer: Tamagotchi
Question: Nicknamed the Black Panther, who was the top scorer in the 1966 World Cup finals? Answer: Eusebio
Question: Which Dutch footballer scored 90 goals in 135 games for A. C. Milan in the late 1980s and early 1990s? Answer: Marco Van Basten
Question: Who scored the last ever goal in an FA Cup semi-final replay? Answer: Ryan Giggs
Question: Who won the 1974 World Cup as a player and the 1990 World Cup as a coach? Answer: Franz Beckenbauer
Question: In all of the English and Scottish leagues, which team's name would come first alphabetically? Answer: Aberdeen
Question: In which year were red and yellow cards first used in the English leagues? Answer: 1976
Question: Which Oscar winning actress is an anagram of Bringing Dream? Answer: Ingrid Bergman
Question: Who was the first person pictured on a British postage stamp? Answer: Queen Victoria
Question: In 1980, who became the first British solo female artist to have a UK number one album? Answer: Kate Bush
Question: Who was Britain's first million pound footballer? Answer: Trevor Francis
Question: In Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, what was the name of the little people who worked for Willy Wonka and loved to sing? Answer: Oompa Loompas
Question: What is the only bird that can swim but not fly? Answer: Penguin
Question: In which year was actor Sean Connery born? Answer: 1930
Question: Who has appeared in more Alfred Hitchock films than any one else? Answer: Alfred Hitchcock
Question: Which two actresses play the leading roles in the 1992 film Single White Female? Answer: Bridget Fonda and Jennifer Jason Leigh
Question: Loves Rental Styles is an anagram of which famous actor? Answer: Sylvester Stallone
Question: In 1999, in the British Film Industry's list of best British films ever, what was the only film in the top ten to be made in the 1990s? Answer: Trainspotting
Question: According to the title of a 1983 film directed by Brian De Palma, by what name was Antonio Montana better known? Answer: Scarface
Question: In which city did gangster Al Capone operate? Answer: Chicago
Question: Who had a number one hit in 1974 called Billy Don't Be A Hero? Answer: Paper Lace
Question: In 2003, the American Film Institute compiled a list of the top 50 movie villains - which character from a 1991 film was voted number one? Answer: Hannibal Lecter
Question: Which fictional hero, created by Baroness Orczy, takes his name from the small red flower with which he signs his messages? Answer: The Scarlet Pimpernel
Question: Who played the villain Hans Gruber in the film Die Hard? Answer: Alan Rickman
Question: Which superhero takes pictures of himself in action and sells them to the Daily Bugle? Answer: Spiderman
Question: By what name was the serial killer Albert DeSalvo, who killed 13 women between 1962 and 1964, better known? Answer: The Boston Strangler
Question: In American Film Institute's list of the top 50 movie heroes, the number one hero, Atticus Finch, was from which film? Answer: To Kill A Mockingbird
Question: Which group had a top ten hit in 2000 called Cartoon Heroes? Answer: Aqua
Question: In which year did Superman appear in comics for the first time? Answer: 1938
Question: Which West Midlands comedian was born Chris Collins in 1957 and sang on a number one hit single in 1996? Answer: Frank Skinner
Question: Which British playwright wrote Educating Rita, Blood Brothers and Shirley Valentine? Answer: Willy Russell
Question: Who featured on Melanie C's number one single Never Be The Same Again in 2000, and died in a car accident in 2002? Answer: Lisa Left Eye Lopes
Question: Who had a top ten hit in 1974 with Streets Of London? Answer: Ralph McTell
Question: Which author wrote Patriot Games, Clear And Present Danger and The Hunt For Red October? Answer: Tom Clancy
Question: Which song includes the lyrics I laughed at all of your jokes, my love you didn't need to coax? Answer: Maggie May by Rod Stewart
Question: What is the name of the Dutch speaking northern region of Belgium containing approximately half of the country's population? Answer: Flanders
Question: What is the only country which is crossed by both the equator and the tropic of capricorn? Answer: Brazil
Question: Which British city has an underground railway system which is nicknamed The Clockwork Orange? Answer: Glasgow
Question: In which country would you find the original Legoland? Answer: Denmark
Question: What is the only American state which starts with the letter A but doesn't end with the letter A? Answer: Arkansas
Question: As at the start of the 2003/04 season, how many winners of the English Premiership have there been? Answer: 3
Question: In which county is Lord's cricket ground? Answer: Middlesex
Question: In the English and Scottish football leagues, which team has the longest name? Answer: Inverness Caledonian Thistle
Question: What was the first Australian city to host the Olympic games? Answer: Melbourne
Question: On a darts board, which number is directly opposite 1? Answer: 19
Question: In cricket, how many runs is a double nelson? Answer: 222
Question: In centimetres, how high is a table tennis table? Answer: 76
Question: By what name was scultpor and painter Domenikos Theotocopoulos better known? Answer: El Greco
Question: The book The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie caused controversy after it was claimed it was blasphemous against which religion? Answer: Islam
Question: Which painter, along with Georges Braque, founded the style cubism in the early 20th century? Answer: Pablo Picasso
Question: What relation is author Kingsley Amis to author Martin Amis? Answer: Father
Question: What was Michelangelo's first name? Answer: Michelangelo
Question: Which author, who is most remembered for writing another series of books, wrote the children's story Chitty Chitty Bang Bang? Answer: Ian Fleming
Question: In which year was Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte first published? Answer: 1847
Question: On arriving in New York, which writer famously said... I have nothing to declare but my genius? Answer: Oscar Wilde
Question: Which astonaut said the famous line... One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind? Answer: Neil Armstrong
Question: Which actor/director said in 1989... I don't go around saying: Hello, did you know I'm the new Olivier? Answer: Kenneth Branagh
Question: Which politician first said... A week is a long time in politics? Answer: Harold Wilson
Question: Which Shakespearian character said... A horse, a horse. My kingdom for a horse? Answer: Richard III
Question: Which actress said... When I'm good I'm very good, but when I'm bad I'm better? Answer: Mae West
Question: Which animated TV character once said... I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman? Answer: Homer Simpson
Question: With which comic would you associate Beryl the Peril and Korky the Cat? Answer: The Dandy
Question: How many seconds delay are there between each of Big Ben's strikes? 1, 3 or 5? Answer: 5
Question: In a standard pack of playing cards what do the queens hold in their hands? Answer: Flowers
Question: What was Muhammed Ali's name before he changed it? Answer: Cassius Clay
Question: What was the title of the Beatles' first single? Answer: Love Me Do
Question: Which football team won the F. A. Cup in 1988 as Dave Beasant became the first goalkeeper to save an F. A. Cup final penalty? Answer: Wimbledon
Question: Which song gave Windsor Davies and Don Estelle a number one hit in 1975? Answer: Whispering Grass
Question: Which two-letter word can go after tan and con to produce two new words? Answer: Go
Question: The Italian word for scratched drawings is used commonly in English. What is it? Answer: Graffiti
Question: Which four letter word can go before beat or fall or after come or melt to produce four new words? Answer: Down
Question: What are the first three words in the Bible? Answer: In The Beginning
Question: How many points would you get for the word Scrabble in a game of Scrabble? Answer: 14
Question: What is the second most common word in written English behind the? Answer: Of
Question: Which town had a clock which always told the time never too quickly, never too slowly? Answer: Trumpton
Question: What is the largest state in America? Answer: Alaska
Question: What part of the body is also the name of a punctuation mark? Answer: Colon
Question: In the world of politics, what was broadcast live on British television for the first time on 20th March 1990? Answer: The Budget
Question: In 1796 Edward Jenner discovered a vacination for what? Answer: Smallpox
Question: What is graphology the study of? Answer: Handwriting
Question: Who provided the voice of the princess in the film 'Shrek'? Answer: Cameron Diaz
Question: Which sea has shores in Europe, Asia and Africa? Answer: Mediterranean
Question: In which year did Karl Marx publish the first volume of Das Kapital? Answer: 1867
Question: What is the Latin name for the constellation that is commonly known as the Great Bear? Answer: Ursa Major
Question: What is the world's most southerly capital? Answer: Wellington
Question: Which actor did Jennifer Anniston marry in July 2000? Answer: Brad Pitt
Question: Which English Cathedral has the highest spire? Answer: Salisbury
Question: Which 1999 film featured a trio of main characters called Heather, Josh and Michael? Answer: The Blair Witch Project
Question: Created by Tim Smit in Cornwall, what is the name of the ecological botanical gardens sometimes dubbed the eighth wonder of the world? Answer: The Eden Project
Question: Who is the only artist to have a top 40 hit with 'Mustang Sally' in the UK when it reached number 28 in 1966? Answer: Wilson Pickett
Question: What was Manchester United football club's original name? Answer: Newton Heath
Question: Who played the title role in the television series 'Dr. Kildare'? Answer: Richard Chamberlain
Question: Which company manufactured Love Hearts - packets of small round sweets each of which had a short message on? Answer: Swizzel
Question: Approximately what percentage of Valentine's cards are bought by women? 50%, 70% or 85%? Answer: 85%
Question: In which TV sitcom is one of the characters said to have proposed to another on Valentine's Day by putting the message Lee love Dawn, marriage? in their local paper? Answer: The Office
Question: The word love as used in the scoring of tennis is thought to have originated from the French word for what type of food? Answer: Egg
Question: In 'Friends', which character left home at an early age after her mother committed suicide? Answer: Phoebe
Question: Who was the first female presenter of 'Grandstand'? Answer: Helen Rollason
Question: Which children's TV show featured a rag doll called Madeleine, a toad called Gabriel, a group of mice and a woodpecker called Professor Yaffle? Answer: Bagpuss
Question: Who played Hutch in the TV series 'Starsky and Hutch'? Answer: David Soul
Question: What is the colour of the cross on the flag of Greece? Answer: White
Question: Originally made in a drugstore in Waco, Texas and still enjoyed today, what is America's oldest soft drink? Answer: Dr. Pepper
Question: Which word can go after 'mid', 'fort' and 'over' to produce three new words? Answer: Night
Question: In the 1990 film 'The Hunt For Red October', who or what is Red October? Answer: Submarine
Question: Which murder weapon in the game of Cluedo starts and ends with the same letter? Answer: Revolver
Question: Where in London would you find the Grave of the Unknown Warrior? Answer: Westminster Abbey
Question: What is the full title of the first Austin Powers film? Answer: Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery
Question: At what game was a former world champion famously defeated by a computer called Deep Blue in 1997? Answer: Chess
Question: In 1987, which golfer became the first British winner of the US Masters? Answer: Sandy Lyle
Question: What was the first name of the first person to be voted out of the first series of Big Brother in the UK? Answer: Sada
Question: As at March 2004, who is the only actor to win an Oscar for best actor in a leading role for a performance in a foreign language film? Answer: Roberto Benigni
Question: Which football team lost the F.A. Cup final in both 1998 and 1999? Answer: Newcastle United
Question: Which TV actor had a number one hit single in 1986 with 'Every Loser Wins'? Answer: Nick Berry
Question: In April 2003, who became the oldest man to be rated number one in the World Tennis Association rankings at the age of 33? Answer: Andre Agassi
Question: In what year did the first Rugby World Cup take place? Answer: 1987
Question: What sport was the subject of the film 'National Velvet'? Answer: Horse Racing
Question: At which distance did Sally Gunnell win her gold medal for hurdling at the 1992 Olympics? Answer: 400 metres
Question: Which sport was author Bill Bryson talking about when said It is the only sport in which spectators burn as many calories as players -- more if they are moderately restless? Answer: Cricket
Question: What is the name given to a shot in snooker where the cue ball hits a red ball which hits another red ball to make it go into a pocket? Answer: Plant
Question: What was the attendance at the 2002 World Cup Final? Answer: 69,029
Question: Who played the title roles in the 1986 film The Three Amigos? Answer: Chevy Chase, Steve Martin, Martin Short
Question: Which soap opera is set in the fictional county of Borsetshire? Answer: The Archers
Question: Which pop star played Beth in Neighbours between 1991 and 1993? Answer: Natalie Imbruglia
Question: As at 2004, which actor is the only member of the original Coronation Street cast who is still in the show? Answer: William Roache
Question: What is the name of the fictional tube station in Eastenders? Answer: Walford East
Question: In Brookside, which character murdered her father and buried him under the patio and was also involved in the first lesbian kiss in a UK soap opera? Answer: Beth Jordache
Question: First shown on the station's launch night, what is Channel 5's first original soap opera called? Answer: Family Affairs
Question: In which year did Emmerdale Farm become Emmerdale? 1989, 1992 or 1995? Answer: 1989
Question: At the first British Soap Awards in 1999, which Eastenders actress won the sexiest female award? Answer: Tamzin Outhwaite
Question: Which actress played Arwen in the trilogy of films? Answer: Liv Tyler
Question: At which English university was J. R. R. Tolkein a professor when he wrote The Lord Of The Rings? Answer: Oxford
Question: How many Black Riders are there? 3, 7, 5 or 9? Answer: 9
Question: What was the name of Gollum before he committed murder to obtain the ring? Answer: Smeagol
Question: What is Frodo's second name? Answer: Baggins
Question: Who played Saruman in Peter Jackson's Lord Of The Rings films? Answer: Christopher Lee
Question: In which year did J. R. R. Tolkein die? Answer: 1973
Question: Which of The Simpsons can play the saxophone? Answer: Lisa
Question: Which famous singer and actress would you associate with the perfume Glow? Answer: Jennifer Lopez
Question: In which American city was John Lennon shot? Answer: New York City
Question: Who did Bill Clinton famously admit to having an affair with during his time as President of the USA? Answer: Monica Lewinsky
Question: In what year were the first modern Olympic Games held? Answer: 1896
Question: In what year did Steve Redgrave win his first gold medal at the Olympics? Answer: 1984
Question: In which American state were the 1996 Olympic Games held? Answer: Georgia
Question: How long is an Olympic sized swimming pool? Answer: 50 metres
Question: If you had a beard you would not be allowed to compete in the Olympics at what sport? Answer: Boxing
Question: In which city would you find the two English league grounds which are closest to each other? Answer: Nottingham
Question: Which English football team are nicknamed the Tractor Boys? Answer: Ipswich Town
Question: Which European football team play there home matches at the Delle Alpi? Answer: Juventus
Question: In which year was the Charity Shield first contested? Answer: 1909
Question: Which gift is traditionally given on a 15th wedding anniversary? China, Crystal or Tin? Answer: Crystal
Question: In which 1980s American TV show are the two main characters called Christine and Mary Beth? Answer: Cagney And Lacey
Question: Cable-stayed, Pontoon and Suspension are all types of what? Answer: Bridges
Question: As at September 2004, which footballer is the all time top scorer in the English Premiership who doesn't normally play as a striker? Answer: Ryan Giggs
Question: What is the capital of Tenerife and is also the name of a city in California? Answer: Santa Cruz
Question: Which band released the album Second Coming in 1994, five years after their debut album? Answer: The Stone Roses
Question: Which TV personality announced he was gay in 1995 and split from his wife Cheryl? Answer: Michael Barrymore
Question: Which animal's name means river horse? Answer: Hippopotamous
Question: In The Simpsons, what type of animal is Santa's Little Helper? Answer: Dog
Question: Other than humans, what are the only animals that have sex for pleasure? Answer: Dolphins
Question: Which animal is the national emblem of India? The Tiger, The Elephant or The Snake? Answer: The Tiger
Question: How many humps does a Bactrian camel have? Answer: 2
Question: Who presented the childrens TV show Animal Magic from 1962 to 1983? Answer: Johnny Morris
Question: What type of animal is Shere Khan in The Jungle Book? Answer: Tiger
Question: Considered as the oldest zoo in the world, in what year did the Vienna Zoo first open to visitors? Answer: 1752
Question: Which alcoholic drink would you need to make the cocktail Tom Collins? Vodka, Whiskey or Gin? Answer: Gin
Question: From which country does the dish paella originate? Answer: Spain
Question: Which company makes the chocolate sweets Smarties? Answer: Nestle
Question: What is the most popular fruit in the world? Answer: The tomato
Question: What type of food is John Montagu credited with inventing in 1765, who said that he liked this food because be could continue to gamble at the same time as eating it? Answer: Sandwich
Question: How is the chemical compound Polyvinyl Chloride better known? Answer: PVC
Question: Which three elements make up carbohydrates? Answer: Carbon, Hydrogen and Oxygen
Question: Which famous scientist was born in Germany in 1879, became a Swiss citizen in 1901 and later became a US citizen in 1940? Answer: Albert Einstein
Question: Who discovered the law of gravity? Answer: Sir Isaac Newton
Question: In which year was the microscope invented? Answer: 1931
Question: What are the next four words in the first line of the popular rhyme which starts Remember, remember the fifth of November? Answer: Gunpowder, Treason and Plot
Question: Who had a hit single in 1989 with We Didn't Start The Fire? Answer: Billy Joel
Question: How many barrels of gunpowder were discovered in the cellars of Westminster Hall as part of Guy Fawkes' gunpowder plot? 36, 96 or 266? Answer: 36
Question: Which TV series featured Brett Butler playing the main character called Grace Kelly? Answer: Grace Under Fire
Question: In what year did the Gunpowder Plot take place? Answer: 1605
Question: What was Guy Fawkes real first name? Guido, Gundry or John? Answer: Guido
Question: In 2002, which position was Guy Fawkes voted into in BBC's 100 Greatest Britons poll? Answer: 30th
Question: What was the name of the 1995 film starring Sandra Bullock as a computer expert whose identity is erased? Answer: The Net
Question: Where in the body would you find the metacarpus? Answer: The Hand
Question: Gary Lightbody from Northern Ireland is the lead singer with which band? Answer: Snow Patrol
Question: What does the name of the terrorist group Al-Qaida translate as in English? The Base, The Book or The Beads? Answer: The Base
Question: Who was the leader of the Labour party from 1980 to 1983? Answer: Michael Foot
Question: Who played Harry in When Harry Met Sally? Answer: Billy Crystal
Question: As in the dish Chilli Con Carne, what is the translation of the word Carne? Sauce, Rice or Meat? Answer: Meat
Question: What was Kenny Rogers first solo number one single in the UK? Answer: Lucille
Question: In The Twelve Days Of Christmas, how many ladies dancing were there? Answer: 9
Question: Who had a minor hit in 1986 with the song Santa Claus Is On The Dole? Answer: Spitting Image
Question: Which one of the following singles was not a Christmas number one? Lonely This Christmas by Mud, Last Christmas by Wham or Merry Christmas Everyone by Shakin Stevens? Answer: Last Christmas by Wham
Question: Who famously sang Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas in the film Meet Me In St Louis? Answer: Judy Garland
Question: When you first took my hand on a cold christmas eve you promised me Broadway was waiting for me is a lyric from which Christmas song? Answer: Fairytale Of New York
Question: For which 1990 invention was Tim Berners-Lee awarded the first Millenium Technology Prize in April 2004? Answer: The World Wide Web
Question: Which controversial documentary film won the Palme D'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2004? Answer: Fahrenheit 9/11
Question: In March 2004, Piers Morgan resigned as the editor of which newspaper after publishing fake photographs of Iraqi prisoners being abused? Answer: Daily Mirror
Question: Who are the famous mother and father of Apple Blythe Alison Martin who was born in May 2004? Answer: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin
Question: Who is the Patron Saint of England? Answer: St George
Question: Which group had a number one hit in 2003 called Where Is The Love? Answer: Black Eyed Peas
Question: Melbourne is the capital of which Australian state? Answer: Victoria
Question: In which 1999 film do George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg and Ice Cube star as U.S. soldiers in Iraq at the end of the Gulf War? Answer: Three Kings
Question: Bill Clinton admitted he had a sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky after a stain was found on what type of clothing that belonged to her? Answer: Dress
Question: Which English King declared first declared Valentine's Day an official holiday in 1537? Answer: Henry VIII
Question: Who played Shakespeare in the Oscar winning film Shakespeare In Love? Answer: Joseph Fiennes
Question: On what day of the week was Valentines Day in the year 2000? Answer: Monday
Question: With which sport would you associate Davis Love III? Answer: Golf
Question: Who had a hit with the song Paper Roses in 1973? Answer: Marie Osmond
Question: Which famous explorer was murdered by natives of Hawaii on Valentine's Day in 1779? Answer: James Cook
Question: Which 1997 film was a character called Rose played by two different actresses, both of whom received Oscar nominations for their parts? Answer: Titanic
Question: What is the name of the hit show based on the songs of Abba? Answer: Mama Mia
Question: Which G is the name of the Italian astronomer who improved the telescope so much as to discover that there were craters on the moon? Answer: Galileo
Question: For which series of films were the actors Kenneth Williams and Sid James best known? Answer: Carry On ...
Question: Which alternative word for the Devil is a Hebrew word with translates as Lord Of The Flies? Answer: Beelzebub
Question: On which TV island might you have found actor Ricardo Montalban? Answer: Fantasy
Question: Mozart's opera, which was a continuation of The Barber Of Seville, was called The Marriage Of ... who? Answer: Figaro
Question: What is the nearest planet to the Sun? Answer: Mercury
Question: What is the name of the dopey road sweeper player by Roger Lloyd-Pack in Only Fools And Horses? Answer: Trigger
Question: In which sport do the rules specify that the ball used must not weigh less than 45.93 grams and must have a diameter of at least 42.67 millimetres? Answer: Golf
Question: Which came first - Rugby League or Rugby Union? Answer: Rugby Union
Question: Which is the heaviest? An Ice Hockey Puck or a Baseball? Answer: An Ice Hockey Puck
Question: What oriental game comprises 144 tiles? Answer: Mah-jong
Question: What comes next in the following sequence... Red, Blue, White, Black, Orange, __? Answer: Black and White
Question: In which year was the penalty kick first introduced into the game of football? Answer: 1891
Question: Who did Sue Barker replace as host of the BBC quiz show A Question Of Sport? Answer: David Coleman
Question: In 1999, what film became Tom Hanks first sequel? Answer: Toy Story 2
Question: What was the name of the robot dog that became a regular companion for Doctor Who? Answer: K-9
Question: Which former Blue Peter presenter was involved in the first National Lottery TV draw in November 1994? Answer: Anthea Turner
Question: Who played The Joker in the 1989 film Batman? Answer: Jack Nicholson
Question: Who were the three stars of the TV show The Goodies? Answer: Tim Brooke-Taylor, Graeme Garden and Bill Oddie
Question: Who were the original presenters on Channel 4's Big Breakfast? Answer: Chris Evans and Gaby Roslin
Question: In which Bond film does Britt Ekland play the character of Mary Goodnight? Answer: The Man With The Golden Gun
Question: Which actress divorced Dennis Quaid in 2001 after she had an affair with Russell Crowe? Answer: Meg Ryan
Question: In Channel 4's 1999 poll to find the 100 Greatest Movie Stars, in what position was Michael Caine? Answer: 44
Question: True or False: St. Patrick was born in Ireland? Answer: False
Question: Which Irish writer is the only person to have won both a nobel prize and an academy award? Answer: George Bernard Shaw
Question: Which Irishman has won the Eurovision song contest twice as a singer and once as a composer? Answer: Johnny Logan
Question: What is the English translation of Ireland's national anthem Amhrn na bhFiann? Answer: A Soldier's Song
Question: Which Irish born explorer is best remembered for his Anatarctic expedition from 1914 to 1916 in the ship Endurance? Answer: Ernest Shackleton
Question: Who became the first Irish woman to set a world record in a track event when she recorded a record time in the 5,000 metres in 1991? Answer: Sonia O'Sullivan
Question: How many calories are in a pint of Guinness? Answer: 198
Question: Who resides at Clarence House? Answer: Prince Charles
Question: Which British monarch reigned for longer than any other? Answer: Queen Victoria
Question: In which year was Prince William born? Answer: 1982
Question: As at April 2004, how many different Prime Ministers has the Queen given audience to? Answer: 10
Question: What is the official title of Camilla now that she has married Prince Charles? Answer: Duchess of Cornwall
Question: Who was King during World War I? Answer: George V
Question: What is the Queens official residence in Scotland? Answer: The Palace Of Holyrood House
Question: At the time of her golden jubilee, how many ships had the Queen launched? Answer: 17
Question: On what date does St George's Day fall? Answer: April 23rd
Question: Which George directed the 2002 film Confessions Of A Dangerous Mind? Answer: George Clooney
Question: In 2002, who was the highest placed 'George' in the BBC poll of 100 Greatest Britons? Answer: Boy George
Question: Which George is the author with the real name of Eric Arthur Blair? Answer: George Orwell
Question: What was George's surname in George And Mildred? Answer: Roper
Question: What type of animal was George in the children's TV show Rainbow? Answer: Hippo
Question: Which George had top ten hits in the 1980s with Give Me The Night and In Your Eyes? Answer: George Benson
Question: Who played the title role in 1997 film George Of The Jungle? Answer: Brendan Fraser
Question: Which King created the George Cross medal? George III, George V or George VI? Answer: George VI
Question: What is a more common name for the Aurora Borealis? Answer: The Northern Lights
Question: In September 2003, Fathers 4 Justice campaigner Jason Hatch caused an embarrassing security breach at Buckingham Palace dressed as who? Answer: Batman
Question: Which English city stands on the river Nene? Answer: Peterborough
Question: What were the christian names of the Blues Brothers? Answer: Jake and Elwood
Question: What is the official residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury? Answer: Lambeth Palace
Question: Who painted The Laughing Cavalier? Answer: Frans Hals
Question: What is the name of Derek Trotter's local? Answer: The Nag's Head
Question: What are Dominican Monks also known as? Blackfriars, Greyfriars or Whitefriars? Answer: Blackfriars
Question: Which motorcycle company makes the Road King FLHR? Answer: Harley-Davidson
Question: What colour are the vertical stripes of the Italian Flag? Answer: Green, White and Red
Question: In which year did Wimpey open the first burger res'Come out to play'? Answer: Archers
Question: According his famous poem, what had John Milton lost? Answer: Paradise
Question: Which Disney annimation saw a young King Arthur enjoying his encounter with Merlin? Answer: Sword In The Stone
Question: What sign did God give to Noah to show that the Earth would not be flooded again? Answer: A Rainbow
Question: What is the name of the statue by Antony Gormley that stands near the A1 motorway in Gateshead? Answer: The Angel Of The North
Question: Which of Batman's villains did Burgess Meridith play in the sixties TV series? Answer: The Penguin
Question: Which singer was born in London with the name Steven Georgiou and is now called Yusuf Islam? Answer: Cat Stevens
Question: Who is the last British player to win the women's singles title at Wimbledon? Answer: Virginia Wade
Question: Which British player reached the fourth round of the mens singles in 1992 and 1994? Answer: Jeremy Bates
Question: What are the two traditional colours of Wimbledon? Answer: Green and Purple
Question: Who won the men's singles title at Wimbledon in 2001, 11 years after he first competed in the tournament? Answer: Goran Ivanisevic
Question: What is the number of the court at Wimbledon which is nicknamed The Graveyard Of Champions due to a large number or seeded players being beaten on it by lower ranked players? Answer: Number 2
Question: How many times did Boris Becker win the Men's Singles title at Wimbledon? Answer: Three
Question: In what year was the Mixed Doubles first contested in Wimbledon? Answer: 1913
Question: What mythical creature has the head and wings of an eagle and the body of a lion? Answer: Griffin
Question: In cricket when a ball is hit for four, what is the line the ball crosses over called? Answer: Boundary
Question: Which famous song, sung at the Last Night of the Proms begins with the line When Britain first at Heav'n's command? Answer: Rule Britannia
Question: What UK bank holiday is celebrated 2 days after Good Friday? Answer: Easter Sunday
Question: What's the collective name for a group of lions? Answer: Pride
Question: From what London building in 1936 were the first BBC TV broadcasts made? Answer: Alexandra Palace
Question: Which four American Presidents have their faces scultped on Mount Rushmore? Answer: George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln
Question: In four colour process printing, which is also known as CMYK, which are the only four colours that are used? Answer: Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black
Question: What are the first four books of the Bible? Answer: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers
Question: Which four American states begin with the letter I? Answer: Idaho, Illinois, Indiana and Iowa
Question: In which film did Rex Harrison appear alongside a two-headed llama? Answer: Doctor Doolittle
Question: Which character has been played on TV by Phil Silvers and on film by Steve Martin? Answer: Sergeant Bilko
Question: Mary Nichols and Anne Chapman were two of the six victims of who? Answer: Jack The Ripper
Question: Who played the chef Gareth Blackstock in the sitcom "Chef"? Answer: Lenny Henry
Question: Who painted the Flatford Mill? Answer: John Constable
Question: Which toy was originally called the Pluto Platter when it was first sold in 1955? Answer: Frisbee
Question: Which of the Teletubbies has a triangular antenna on their head? Answer: Tinky Winky
Question: On a standard keyboard, which is the largest key? Answer: Space Bar
Question: In which English county would you find a town called Westard Ho!, the only English town to contain an exclamation mark in its name? Answer: Devon
Question: In 1968, the first inter-racial kiss on American TV took place in which long running series? Answer: Star Trek
Question: What are the two colours of Dennis The Menace's jumper? Answer: Red and Black
Question: In The Wizard Of Oz, what was the Tin Man looking for? Answer: A Heart
Question: Which African American civil rights activist was assassinated in 1968 by escaped convict James Earl Ray? Answer: Martin Luther King
Question: Which George Orwell novel features a character called Napoleon? Answer: Animal Farm
Question: Which 1997 British film had the working title of Eggs, Beans and Chippendales? Answer: The Full Monty
Question: Lord David Sutch, who committed suicide in 1999, was famous for founding what in 1983? Answer: The Monster Raving Loony Party
Question: Which colour features in the title of number one hits by Tom Jones and Shakin Stevens? Answer: Green
Question: In a greyhound race, what colour does the greyhound in trap 3 wear? Answer: White
Question: In which capital city did the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand trigger World War I? Answer: Sarajevo
Question: Nairobi is the capital of which African country? Answer: Kenya
Question: Which capital city has a name meaning "I see the mountain" and which country is it the capital of? Answer: Montevideo, Uruguay
Question: What is the capital of Vietnam? Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City or Phnom Penh? Answer: Hanoi
Question: What is the capital city of Canada? Answer: Ottawa
Question: Bon Scott was the lead singer for which famous rock band? Answer: AC/DC
Question: Who was the first Beatle to get married? Answer: John Lennon
Question: Which word appears in the title of a Police hit in 1981, a Queen hit in 1986 and a Take That hit in 1992? Answer: Magic
Question: What was Madonna's first UK number one single? Answer: Into The Groove
Question: How many sisters are in the group Sister Sledge? Answer: 4
Question: Which footballer won the Golden Boot for scoring the most goals at 1986 World Cup Finals? Answer: Gary Lineker
Question: Which snooker player is nicknamed the Rocket? Answer: Ronnie O Sullivan
Question: The field of play for which sport is often called a grid-iron? Answer: American Football
Question: At which event has Steve Backley won Olympic Bronze and Silver medals? Answer: Javelin
Question: The Solheim cup is the women's equivalent of which famous sporting cup? Answer: The Ryder Cup
Question: Who did Alex Ferguson succeed as manager of Manchester united? Answer: Ron Atkinson
Question: What was the attendance at the 2003 Rugby World Cup final when England beat Australia? Answer: 82,957
Question: Which University in the UK has the largest number of students? Answer: The Open University
Question: Which childrens novel by Raymond Briggs has a main character whose job it is to scare people? Answer: Fungus The Bogeyman
Question: What is the colour of the flag of Libya, which is the only national flag consisting of only one colour? Answer: Green
Question: Which patron saint's day is observed on November 30th? Answer: St Andrew's
Question: What is Fleetwood Mac's only UK number one single? Answer: Albatross
Question: Which chemical element has the symbol Fe? Answer: Iron
Question: The actor Johnny Depp had a tattoo on his arm surgically altered after the break up of his relationship with which actress? Answer: Winona Ryder
Question: What is the capital city of China? Answer: Beijing
Question: Which famous tourist attraction can be viewed from the 'Maid Of The Mist'? Answer: Niagra Falls
Question: Which London railway station has the most platforms? Answer: Waterloo
Question: What colour is the leftmost stripe on the French flag? Answer: Blue
Question: In which district of London would you find Harrods department store? Answer: Knightsbridge
Question: In kilometres, how long is the coastline of Brazil? Answer: 7,491 km
Question: In the song The Twelve Days Of Christmas, how many ladies dancing are given as gifts in total? Answer: 36
Question: Who was the first monarch in Britain to make a Christmas Day broadcast? Answer: King George V
Question: On what date does Saint Nicholas' Day fall? December 6th, December 16th or December 26th? Answer: December 6th
Question: Which Christmas number one includes the line All I wish that everyday was christmas, what a nice way to spend the year? Answer: Merry Christmas Everyone
Question: What 'D' is the name of Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer's dad? Answer: Donner
Question: Which 2004 film sees Tom Hanks take a boy on a trip to the North Pole to visit Santa Claus? Answer: The Polar Express
Question: Which Generation Game presenter was famous for his catchphrase Shut That Door? Answer: Larry Grayson
Question: During which TV game show were the contestants invited to go wild in the aisles? Answer: Supermarket Sweep
Question: Who hosted the BBC gameshow Going For Gold which featured contestants from various European countries? Answer: Henry Kelly
Question: Of all the gameshows that were revived for a series of one-off specials in Ant And Dec's Gameshow Marathon which was the oldest? Answer: Take Your Pick
Question: Who was the special guest who took part in the 200th edition of A Question Of Sport to help give it its highest ever viewing figures of over 19 million? Answer: Princess Anne
Question: Who presented Ask The Family when it was revived in 2005? Answer: Dick and Dom
Question: What were the names of the four original zones in The Crystal Maze? Answer: Aztec, Futuristic, Medieval and Industrial
Question: Who commanded the Scottish army at the Battle Of Bannockburn? Answer: Robert The Bruce
Question: With which re-released song did The Bluebells have a number one hit in 1993? Answer: Young At Heart
Question: At which athletics event did American Mike Powell break the world record in 1991, a record which had stood for almost 33 years? Answer: Long Jump
Question: International Nursing Day was chosen as May 12th as it is the anniversary of the birth of which famous person from history? Answer: Florence Nightingale
Question: In music, which group named themselves after the main character in the 1984 film Paris, Texas? Answer: Travis
Question: Who were the last football team other than Manchester United, Arsenal and Chelsea to win the top league in England? Answer: Blackburn Rovers
Question: From which country does the drink Stella Artois originate? Answer: Belgium
Question: What did Earl John Montagu allegedly invent so that he could eat with one hand while playing cards with the other? Answer: The Sandwich
Question: Who founded Kentucky Fried Chicken? Answer: Colonel Sanders
Question: Which fruit was originally known as the love apple? Answer: Tomato
Question: Which drink is advertised with the slogan made in Scotland from girders? Answer: Irn-Bru
Question: Founded in Switzerland in 1866 by a German pharmacist, what is the world's largest food company? Answer: Nestle
Question: What was the first line of the Italian song O Sole Mio altered to in a long series of TV adverts for a food brand? Answer: Just One Cornetto
Question: What is the main alcoholic spirit used to make a Daiquiri cocktail? Answer: Rum
Question: Which type of food is named after the French for twice cooked? Answer: Biscuit
Question: Alicante, Cardinal, Cassidy, Niagara and Palamino are all varieties of which fruit? Answer: Grape
Question: In what year was the Big Mac introduced into McDonalds? Answer: 1968
Question: Which three films are tied for winning the most Academy Awards, with 11 Oscars each? Answer: Ben-Hur, Titanic and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Question: As at 2006, Which actress has had 13 Oscar nominations, more than any other actress? Answer: Meryl Streep
Question: Which 1981 film is the only Best Picture Oscar winner to contain all of the letters of Oscar in its title? Answer: Chariots Of Fire
Question: As it 2006, who is the most nominated male actor in Oscar history? Answer: Jack Nicholson
Question: What is the most common street name in Britain? Answer: High Street
Question: Which British city has more miles of canal than Venice? Answer: Birmingham
Question: The first single to sell over two million copies in Great Britain was written as a tribute to where in Great Britain? Answer: Mull Of Kintyre
Question: Which lake in Great Britain has the largest volume of water? Answer: Loch Ness
Question: In the TV show Little Britain what is the name of the only gay in the village? Answer: Daffyd Thomas
Question: True or False: Great Britain is one of the top ten largest islands in the world? Answer: True
Question: Who lived in the top left-hand corner of Wales? Answer: Ivor The Engine
Question: What is the longest motorway in Great Britain? Answer: M6
Question: In Britain, which University has more students than any other? Answer: The Open University
Question: On which BBC TV show did the plasticine character Morph first appear? Answer: Take Hart
Question: Which shop did Anita Roddick open in Brighton in 1976, leading to a highly successful chain of stores now trading in over 40 countries worldwide? Answer: The Body Shop
Question: Zola Budd was blamed for the fall of which fellow athlete as they ran together in the 3000 metres final at the 1984 Olympic Games? Answer: Mary Decker
Question: Before he left The Beatles, which instrument did Stuart Sutcliffe play in the band? Answer: Bass
Question: What was the title of Mariah Carey's debut single, which was a top ten hit in the UK and a number one in the USA? Answer: Vision Of Love
Question: Which character did Hugo Weaving play in the film The Matrix? Answer: Agent Smith
Question: With which group did Tony Christie have a top ten hit with in 1999 with the song Walk Like A Panther? Answer: All Seeing I
Question: What is the most common gas in the air we breathe? Answer: Nitrogen
Question: Who is known in history as the father of computing? Answer: Charles Babbage
Question: What nationality was Robert Bunsen, of whom the Bunsen burner was named after? Answer: German
Question: What is the scientific name for the hip bone? Answer: Pelvis
Question: Which annual prizes were established by the legacy of a Swedish chemist? Answer: The Nobel prizes
Question: How many kilobytes are there in a megabyte? Answer: 1,024
Question: In what branch of science would a unit of distance called a Parsec be used? Answer: Astronomy
Question: How many minutes does it take the Hubble Space Telescope to complete one orbit around the earth? Answer: 97
Question: In the 1994 film The Flintstones, which legendary actress played Fred Flintstone's mother-in-law? Answer: Elizabeth Taylor
Question: In The Lion King, what relation is Scar to Simba? Answer: Uncle
Question: What colour is the wig that Julia Roberts wears when she first meets Richard Gere in the film Pretty Woman? Answer: Blonde
Question: Which Robert Louis Stevenson story became Disney's first non animated film in 1950? Answer: Treasure Island
Question: In 2005, which 8 word sentence was voted by the American Film Institute as the greatest movie quote of all time? Answer: Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn
Question: Who played Clarice Starling in the film Hannibal? Answer: Julianne Moore
Question: Which T. S. was the name of Dick Van Dyke's girlfriend in the film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang? Answer: Truly Scrumptious
Question: The film The Madness Of King George tells the story of which King of the United Kingdom? Answer: George III
Question: Which nation has won the Eurovision Song Contest more than any other? Answer: Ireland
Question: In 1978, which country became the first to receive nul points overall, with their entry Mil Etter Mil? Answer: Norway
Question: With which country did Celine Dion win the Eurovision Song Contest in 1988 singing Ne Partez Pas Sans Moi? Answer: Switzerland
Question: Who represented Russia in the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest after having a number one hit the previous year in the UK? Answer: t.A.T.u.
Question: Which comedian created and played Tony Ferrino, a Portuguese singer who had won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1980 with the song Papa Bendi? Answer: Steve Coogan
Question: What was the name of the act comprising of Gemma Abbey and Chris Cromby who became the first UK act to receive no points overall? Answer: Jemini
Question: After the 2005 Eurovision Song Contest, how many times had the United Kingdom finished second? Answer: 15
Question: In the BBC's poll of 2002 to find the 100 Greatest Britons, which four people in the top ten were alive during the 20th century? Answer: Winston Churchill, Princess Diana, The Queen and John Lennon
Question: Which four letters are worth 3 points each in the game of scrabble? Answer: B, C, M and P
Question: What are the first names of the four children who enter Narnia in The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe? Answer: Lucy, Peter, Susan and Edmund
Question: Which England international footballer started his footballing career at Canadian club Calgary Foothills FC? Answer: Owen Hargreaves
Question: How are twin sisters Monica and Gabriela Irimia better known in the music world? Answer: The Cheeky Girls
Question: Which famous song includes the line my shavin' razor's cold and it stings? Answer: Daydream Believer
Question: Who is the chubbiest out of all of Snow White's seven dwarfs? Answer: Happy
Question: Which Liverpool player is currently the record FA Cup final goalscorer, with 5 goals to his name? Answer: Ian Rush
Question: Which two word rhyming name is the common name for the plant called the Impatiens Walleriana? Answer: Busy Lizzie
Question: Which former Big Brother contestant who was famous for quotes such as what is the opposite of opposite? and do fish get thirsty? and later went on to present Braniac: Science Abuse on Sky television? Answer: Jon Tickle
Question: Which song gave Vic Reeves and The Wonder Stuff a number one hit in 1991? Answer: Dizzy
Question: Which 1999 Oscar winning film was directed by Mike Leigh and starred Jim Broadbent as Gilbert of Gilbert and Sullivan fame? Answer: Topsy-Turvy
Question: Which phrase was first used in a novel by William Burroughs in 1962 and is now commonly used to describe a type of music? Answer: Heavy Metal
Question: Who first coined the words madcap, hobnob and swagger? Answer: William Shakespeare
Question: What two word phrase is Sweeney Todd Cockney rhyming slang for? Answer: Flying Squad
Question: Which word in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet would score the most points in a game of Scrabble? Answer: Whiskey
Question: Beelzebub is Hebrew for what phrase, which is also the title of a famous novel? Answer: Lord Of The Flies
Question: What three letter word was removed from decimal coins in 1982? Answer: New
Question: In which year was the word homosexual first used? Answer: 1869
Question: As at 2006, who are the only team to have played in every World Cup? Answer: Brazil
Question: In which year were 3 points for a win first introduced to the group stages of the World Cup finals? Answer: 1994
Question: What was the name of the dog who found the World Cup in 1966 after it had been stolen? Answer: Pickles
Question: In which city did every match from the 1930 World Cup take place? Answer: Montevideo
Question: What type of animal was World Cup Willie, the mascot for the 1966 World Cup? Answer: Lion
Question: Which 40 year old captained the 1982 World Cup winners? Answer: Dino Zoff
Question: Who played Alex Forrest, the editor of a publishing company, in the 1987 film Fatal Attraction? Answer: Glenn Close
Question: In which Sheffield stadium do the events take place in the Channel 4 TV show The Games? Answer: The Don Valley Stadium
Question: Who played Fusilier Dave Tucker in Soldier Soldier? Answer: Robson Green
Question: Which darts player is known as The Power? Answer: Phil Taylor
Question: Who played Fagin in the original West End production of Oliver and in the 1968 film of the same name? Answer: Ron Moody
Question: Which mobile phone company was established in 2001 when a Japanese company merged with a Swedish company? Answer: Sony Ericsson
Question: The worlds largest spider is named after which biblical character? Answer: Goliath
Question: How many pairs of ribs does a human have? 8, 10 or 12? Answer: 12
Question: Which is the only fish able to hold objects in its tail? Answer: Seahorse
Question: What is the plural of mongoose? Answer: Mongooses
Question: Which animal has the Latin name of Lupus? Answer: Wolf
Question: No Mean City by Maggie Bell is the theme tune to which long running TV detective show? Answer: Taggart
Question: Which TV comedian has played characters including Stavros, Tim Nice But Dim and Wayne Slob? Answer: Harry Enfield
Question: In a 2004 poll run by the BBC, which TV show won the title of Best British Sitcom? Answer: Only Fools And Horses
Question: What was the nickname of Jimmy Nail's character in Auf Wiedersehen, Pet? Answer: Oz
Question: Who was the original presenter of Juke Box Jury? Answer: David Jacobs
Question: What is the name of the fictional borough in which Eastenders is set? Answer: Walford
Question: What was the name of the bar in which the TV show Cheers was set? Answer: Cheers
Question: In a game of snooker, what colour ball is worth 3 points? Answer: Green
Question: Which 21 year old model did Rod Stewart marry in 1990? Answer: Rachel Hunter
Question: Which actress famously stripped off her bikini top in slow motion in the 1982 film Fast Times At Ridgemont High? Answer: Phoebe Cates
Question: Which female tennis player won the French Open and U.S. Open in both 1991 and 1992, but didn't compete in either of these events in 1993 or 1994? Answer: Monica Seles
Question: What C is a name given to someone who makes or sells candles? Answer: Chandler
Question: How many golden stars appear in the circle on the blue background of the flag of the European Union? Answer: 12
Question: From which island nation does the lager Red Stripe originate? Answer: Jamaica
Question: How many points does a Star of David have? Answer: 6
Question: Who became the first women to win an Oscar for Best Original Song when she did so in 1976 with the film A Star Is Born? Answer: Barbra Streisand
Question: How many white stripes are there on the flag of the USA? Answer: 6
Question: The White Stripes 2003 hit single I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself was originally a hit in 1964 for which female singer? Answer: Dusty Springfield
Question: In which city is the hotel Burj al-Arab, which markets itself as the world's first seven-star hotel? Answer: Dubai
Question: What two colours were the stripes of Newcastle United's original football kit, before they changed it in 1904 to avoid confusion with another nearby football club? Answer: Red and White
Question: How many times has the flag known as the stars and stripes been changed since it was first adopted by 13 American states? Answer: 26
Question: Born in 1908, which author is best remembered for his series of novels on James Bond? Answer: Ian Fleming
Question: In which capital city is the largest museum in the world? Answer: Paris
Question: What is the name of the dog in Peter Pan? Answer: Nana
Question: In Brad Anderson's comic strip Marmaduke, what type of dog is Marmaduke? Answer: Great Dane
Question: Which artist caused controversy with their installation called My Bed in the 1999 Turner Prize exhibition? Answer: Tracy Emin
Question: Which author created the character of Miss Marple? Answer: Agatha Christie
Question: What colour is Art and Literature in the standard edition of Trivial Pursuit? Answer: Brown
Question: Who painted Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I which reportedly sold for a record 135 million dollars in June 2006? Answer: Gustav Klimt
Question: Reroute Novelist snobs is an anagram of which author? Answer: Robert Louis Stevenson
Question: In horseracing, if all the racecourses in Britain were listed alphabetically, which would come first? Answer: Aintree
Question: In football, who was Liverpool's captain when they first won the European cup final in 1977? Answer: Emlyn Hughes
Question: In golf, the U.S. Masters is played at Augusta, but in which state is Augusta? Answer: Georgia
Question: On a darts board, what number is diagonally opposite 19? Answer: 1
Question: Which sport was the subject of the 1963 film This Sporting Life? Answer: Rugby
Question: Which sport, of Celtic origin, uses a ball called a sliotar? Answer: Hurling
Question: With which sport would you associate Greg Le Mond? Answer: Cycling
Question: Ignoring the words football and club, which is the only team in the 2006/07 Premiership whose name contains all of the letters from the phrase red card? Answer: Manchester United
Question: Steve Davis reached every final of the Snooker World Championship between 1983 and 1989, but who were the two players who beat him? Answer: Dennis Taylor and Joe Johnson
Question: The first set of rules for the sport of Boxing, the London Prize Ring rules, were introduced in which year? Answer: 1743
Question: In Greek legend, what is the name given to the creature that is half man and half bull? Answer: Minotaur
Question: Based on characters from Greek mythology, the 1963 film Jason And The Argonauts is centred around a quest to find what? Answer: The Golden Fleece
Question: According to legend, who rid Ireland of snakes? Answer: St. Patrick
Question: According to Roman mythology, which twins founded Rome? Answer: Romulus and Remus
Question: In Greek mythology, what name is given to the monsters with sharp fangs and hair of living snakes? Answer: Gorgons
Question: According to legend, who rode through the streets of Coventry naked and was seen by someone called Tom, leading to the phrase Peeping Tom? Answer: Lady Godiva
Question: In Greek mythology who died when he flew too close to the sun and the wax holding together his artificial wings melted? Answer: Icarus
Question: What was the name of the 1963 Disney film that featured the legendary characters of Merlin and King Arthur? Answer: The Sword In The Stone
Question: Sharing her name with a brand of margarine, who was the Roman goddess of flowers and the season of spring? Answer: Flora
Question: Who was the chief God in Norse mythology? Answer: Odin
Question: Who wrote the lyrics to the songs in The Sound Of Music? Rogers or Hammerstein? Answer: Hammerstein
Question: Who wrote the musical We Will Rock You in collaboration with Queen members Brian May and Roger Taylor? Answer: Ben Elton
Question: George Bernard Shaw's play Pygmalion was adapted to become which musical? Answer: My Fair Lady
Question: Premiering in New York in 1967, which musical became famous for the amount of nudity involved? Answer: Hair
Question: Who wrote the book on which the musical Les Miserables is based? Answer: Victor Hugo
Question: Which song from Joseph And The Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat gave Jason Donovan a number one hit single in 1991? Answer: Any Dream Will Do
Question: Who played Fanny Brice in the movie version of the musical Funny Girl? Answer: Barbra Streisand
Question: First performed in 1948, which musical is based on Shakespeare's The Taming Of The Shrew? Answer: Kiss Me, Kate
Question: Miss Saigon premiered in Drury Lane, London in 1989, but how many performances were put on there before it closed? Answer: 4,264
Question: What is the most frequently sung song in the language of English? Answer: Happy Birthday To You
Question: Which reality TV show was won by MC Harvey, Azra Akin and Terri Dwyer in 2003, and by Jarrod Batchelor, Shane Lynch and Lady Isabella Hervey in 2004? Answer: The Games
Question: Which political party changed it's name from the Ecology Party in 1985? Answer: The Green Party
Question: Which film features Tom Cruise dancing in his underwear to Old Time Rock 'n' Roll by Bob Seger? Answer: Risky Business
Question: Which four letter word can go before match and drive and after screen and personality to form four well known phrases? Answer: Test
Question: What colour is the cross on the Swedish flag? Answer: Yellow
Question: Who had top ten hits in 1970 with Give Me Just A Little More Time and You've Got Me Dangling On A String? Answer: Chairmen Of The Board
Question: According to the song Frosty The Snowman, what were Frosty's eyes made out of? Answer: Coal
Question: Which Christmas song won an Oscar for Best Song at the 1942 Academy Awards? Answer: White Christmas
Question: The first line of the song Do They Know It's Christmas? by Band Aid was originally intended for which singer, who finally got to sing it during Live Aid? Answer: David Bowie
Question: In 1965, which Christmas song became the first song to be broadcast from space? Answer: Jingle Bells
Question: In 1987, the Pogues featuring Kirsty MacColl were denied a Christmas Number One with the song Fairytale Of New York. Which song kept them at number 2 with Pogues singer Shane McGowan saying we were beaten by two queens and a drum machine? Answer: Always On My Mind
Question: From which animated short film does the song Walking In The Air come? Answer: The Snowman
Question: In the song Twelve Days Of Christmas, what are there 11 of? Answer: Pipers Piping
Question: In 1986, whose song was Christmas number one in the UK, 2 years after he had died? Answer: Jackie Wilson's
Question: What was the Titanic's first port of call after it left Southampton? Answer: Cherbourg
Question: Father Ted Crilly and Father Dougal McGuire lived on Craggy Island with which other priest? Answer: Father Jack Hackett
Question: Which is the only X rated film to win an Oscar for Best Picture? Answer: Midnight Cowboy
Question: Eye for eye, tooth for tooth.  According to Exodus what comes next? Answer: Hand for hand, foot for foot
Question: In which full-length cartoon are the main characters called Pongo and Perdita? Answer: 101 Dalmatians
Question: What is the capital city of Belarus? Answer: Minsk
Question: Ganymede is the largest moon in the solar system, around which planet does it orbit? Answer: Jupiter
Question: Who played bass guitar in the Beatles? Answer: Paul McCartney
Question: Which pop group named themselves after a fictional band from the novel A Clockwork Orange? Answer: Heaven 17
Question: What is the singer Prince's real first name? Answer: Prince
Question: How many quavers are there in a minim? 2, 4 or 8? Answer: 4
Question: Which female vocalist sang on Eminem's hit song Stan? Answer: Dido
Question: By what name was singer Charles Weedon Westover better known, who committed suicide in 1990 by shooting himself? Answer: Del Shannon
Question: Which part did Deforest Kelley play in the TV series Star Trek? Answer: Dr. Leonard Bones McCoy
Question: Who wrote the novel The War Of The Worlds? Answer: H.G. Wells
Question: Directed by Joss Whedon, which 2005 science fiction movie was based on a short-lived TV show that was cancelled after only eleven of its episodes were broadcast? Answer: Serenity
Question: What was the name of the computer in the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey? Answer: HAL 9000
Question: Who played the third incarnation of the Doctor in the TV series Doctor Who? Answer: Jon Pertwee
Question: What is the surname of the identical twin brothers who compiled the Guiness Book of Records together between 1955 and 1975? Answer: McWhirter
Question: What is the name of Austin Powers' twin brother? Answer: Dougie Powers
Question: Who wrote the 1872 novel in which Tweedledum and Tweedledee first appear? Answer: Lewis Carroll
Question: In Greek mythology, who was the twin sister of Apollo? Answer: Artemis
Question: What are the names of Marge's twin sisters in The Simpsons? Answer: Patty and Selma
Question: Which former heavyweight boxing champion has an identical twin brother called George? Answer: Henry Cooper
Question: What is the surname of the Australian cricketing twins Mark and Steve? Answer: Waugh
Question: Who is Pauline Fowler's twin in Eastenders? Answer: Pete Beale
Question: Who is the twin sister of the cartoon hero He-Man? Answer: She-Ra
Question: What is the name of Postman Pat's black and white cat? Answer: Jess
Question: What was the name of the lioness raised by George and Joy Adamson in the book Born Free? Answer: Elsa
Question: What is the name of the lion in C.S. Lewis' The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe? Answer: Aslan
Question: What is the name of the black panther in The Jungle Book? Answer: Bagheera
Question: Which American writer and cartoonist was responsible for The Cat In The Hat series? Answer: Dr Seuss
Question: Who wrote Old Possum's Book Of Practical Cats? Answer: T.S. Eliot
Question: Who played the title role in the 2004 movie Catwoman? Answer: Halle Berry
Question: Who had a number one hit with Puppy Love in 1972? Answer: Donny Osmond
Question: Born on Valentine's Day in 1951, who is the only English footballer to have named European Footballer of the Year twice? Answer: Kevin Keegan
Question: Which former Bond girl played Paige Prescott in the 2001 horror film Valentine? Answer: Denise Richards
Question: Which Valentine had number one hits in the UK called Finger Of Suspicion and Christmas Alphabet? Answer: Dickie Valentine
Question: Which TV soap opera features a police officer called Calvin Valentine? Answer: Hollyoaks
Question: Mars has two moons. Phobos is one, but what is the other one called? Answer: Deimos
Question: In the 1966 movie The Good, The Bad And The Ugly, Clint Eastwood played the Good" and Lee van Cleef played "the Bad", but who played "the Ugly"? Answer: Eli Wallach
Question: The Mauretania, launched in 1906, was the largest and fastest ship in the world at that time. What was the name of her sister ship that was launched in the same year, but sunk by a German U-boat in 1915? Answer: Lusitania
Question: The Ballearics are made up of three major islands. Majorca and Minorca are two, but what is the other one? Answer: Ibiza
Question: Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on the moon in 1969, but who was the third astronaut on Apollo 11, who remained in the orbitter? Answer: Micheal Collins
Question: Which video game series is sometimes referred to as GTA? Answer: Grand Theft Auto
Question: The Exiles is the nickname of which football club? Answer: Chester
Question: What large animal has a gestation period of 22 months, the longest of any land animal? Answer: Elephant
Question: What is made of minerals and tiny pieces of rock that have come from the erosion and weathering of rocks? Answer: Sand
Question: Developed by Nintendo in the 1980s, what is currently the biggest selling video game of all time? Answer: Super Mario Bros.
Question: Arachnophobia is a fear of what? Answer: Spiders
Question: Gary Lightbody is the lead singer in which group? Answer: Snow Patrol
Question: Actor who played the lead role in a 1952 smash western directed by Fred Zinnemann? Answer: Gary Cooper
Question: Glassed-eyed member of the 'Rat Pack'? Answer: Sammy Davis Junior
Question: The younger co-writer of the 1848 Communist Manifesto? Answer: Friedrich Engels
Question: An English filmstar who played a character pitied by the gypsy girl Esmeralda? Answer: Charles Laughton
Question: First lady of Argentina from 1946 - 1952? Answer: Eva Peron
Question: Born 1931 in Swindon she became a 'blonde bombshell'? Answer: Diana Dors
Question: What was the title of Jean-Paul Sartre's first play? Answer: The Flies
Question: What was Bedloe's Island officially renamed to in 1956? Answer: Liberty Island
Question: Of which famous building was Ictinos the architect? Answer: The Parthenon
Question: In what field did Albert Namatjira achieve success and fame? Answer: Aboriginal Art
Question: Who married Catharine von Bora, a former nun? Answer: Martin Luther
Question: Who wrote the novel Love In The Time Of Cholera? Answer: Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Question: How did Tollund Man die? Answer: Strangulation
Question: The death of which Swedish king inspired an opera by Verdi? Answer: Gustavus III
Question: By what stage name did William Claude Dukenfield achieve fame? Answer: W. C. Fields
Question: Who received an Oscar nomination for Best Original Song from the film Live and Let Die? Answer: Paul McCartney
Question: Who starred in the title role in the 1968 Film The Boston Strangler? Answer: Tony Curtis
Question: Who received $3.7 million for two weeks work for his part in the 1978 film Superman? Answer: Marlon Brando
Question: Who, having been an Olympic swimming champion achieved fame in a second career and was famous for his ululating yell? Answer: Johnny Weissmuller
Question: Whose scandalous affair with Lord Alfred Douglas eventually led to imprisonment? Answer: Oscar Wilde
Question: Pirate Edward Teach was better known by what nickname? Answer: Blackbeard
Question: What nickname was given to the 7th Armoured Division in 1940? Answer: The Desert Rats
Question: US outlaw Henry McCarty was better known by what nickname? Answer: Billy the Kid
Question: Which US State is known as "Mount Rushmore State". Answer: South Dakota
Question: Which Chelsea footballer of the 60s and 70s was given the nickname Chopper? Answer: Ron Harris
Question: What nickname has been given to Indian bowler Harbhajan Singh? Answer: The Turbanator
Question: Which British Prime Minister was nicknamed The Grocer in Private Eye? Answer: Edward Heath
Question: Which American golfer is affectionately called The Walrus for his portly build and his ample moustache? Answer: Craig Stadler
Question: Linseed Oil is generated from which plant? Answer: Flax
Question: The transportation of what is performed with an Archimedes Screw? Answer: Water
Question: What was the maiden name of Jane Austen's heroine Emma? Answer: Woodhouse
Question: Elkie Brooks and Robert Palmer sang together in which band? Answer: Vinegar Joe
Question: What nationality were The Mixtures? Answer: Australian
Question: A hendecagon has how many sides? Answer: Eleven
Question: Which fruit is distilled to make Calvados? Answer: Apples
Question: Which fruit has a Latin name that translates as Armenian Plum? Answer: Apricot
Question: Which large fleshy fruit of the far east has been banned from some public areas because of it's distinctive odour? Answer: Durian
Question: Which fruit shares a name with a 1969 short film by Eric Sykes, and an animated television show for children? Answer: Rhubarb
Question: What is the name of Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter? Answer: Apple
Question: A cantaloupe belongs to which family of fruits? Answer: Melon
Question: Which football league club are known as the Cherries? Answer: Bournemouth
Question: Native to India, what is the largest treeborne fruit in the world? Answer: Jackfruit
Question: Which member of Take That shares his name with a fruit? Answer: Jason Orange
Question: What motorcycle has three crossed tuning forks as its emblem? Answer: Yamaha
Question: Famous for its V-twins, what American motorcycle manufacturer started producing machines in 1903? Answer: Harley-Davidson
Question: The Bonneville' is made by whom? Answer: Triumph
Question: What famous marque of motorcycle was Lawrence of Arabia riding when he was tragically killed in Dorset in 1936? Answer: Brough Superior
Question: The Black Shadow and Black Prince are two motorcycle models made in the 1950's, by whom? Answer: Vincent
Question: What motorcycle has a stylised' propeller as its tank badge? Answer: B.M.W.
Question: How many gears do the motorcycles used in speedway have? Answer: One
Question: The Pogues lead singer Shane MacGowan was born on Christmas Day in 1957.  Which female singer featured on their 1987 Christmas single? Answer: Kirsty MacColl
Question: On Christmas Day 1977, Menachem Begin of Israel met with Anwar Sadat of Egypt to start peace talks.  Which one of them was celebrating their birthday that day? Answer: Anwar Sadat
Question: Humphrey Bogart, who was born on Christmas Day 1899, said the line "Here's looking at you kid." In which film? Answer: Casablanca
Question: Charlie Chaplin who died on Christmas Day in 1977, co founded which film studio along with Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks? Answer: United Artists
Question: Born on Christmas Day in 1944, by what stage name was the broadcaster Maurice Cole better known? Answer: Kenny Everett
Question: What is the more common name for the plant viscum album? Answer: Mistletoe
Question: Comedian Jerry Lewis formed a double act with which actor who died on Christmas Day in 1995? Answer: Dean Martin
Question: Former communist dictator Nicolae Ceauescu, was executed on Christmas Day in 1989.  Which country did he once control? Answer: Romania
Question: The American comedian and actor William Claude Dukenfield, died on Christmas Day in 1946.  How was he better known? Answer: W C Fields
Question: If Tony Blackburn won in 2002, Phil Tuffnell won in 2003, and Kerry Katona won in 2004, who won in 2007? Answer: Christopher Biggins. (I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here. Joe Pasquale 04, Carol Thatcher 05, Matt Willis 06, and Joe Swash 08).
Question: If David Lloyd George is 1, Andrew Bonal Law is 2, and Stanley Baldwin is 3, who is 4? Answer: Ramsay MacDonald. (Prime Ministers post WW1).
Question: If China is 1, India is 2, and USA is 3, who is 4? Answer: Indonesia.
Question: B.O.A.C. are the initials of which airline? Answer: British Overseas Airways Corporation
Question: Concerned about the impact of uncontrolled development and industrialisation, what National Charity was founded in 1895 by three Victorian philanthropists, Miss Octavia Hill, Sir Robert Hunter and Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley? Answer: The National Trust
Question: What famous make of motorcycle was Lawrence of Arabia riding when he was tragically killed in Dorset in 1936? Answer: Brough Superior
Question: What colour of flag should a ship fly to show it is in quarantine? Answer: Yellow
Question: Purple Brittlegill, Velvet Shank and Orange Milkcap are three types of what? Answer: Fungi
Question: Who were Tom and Barbara's neighbours in The Good Life? Answer: Margo and Jerry Leadbetter
Question: In Cockney Rhyming slang what are your `Daisy Roots`? Answer: Boots
Question: What is the river Ganga called in Bangladesh? Answer: Padma
Question: Chaetophobia is the fear of what? Answer: Hair
Question: Winston Churchill married Clementine in 1908, but what was her maiden name? Answer: Hozier
Question: Who wrote Twenty Years Before The Mast? Answer: Charles Erskine
Question: Who said `I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception`? Answer: Groucho Marx
Question: How many pints does a ten gallon hat hold? Answer: 6
Question: Who was murdered by Fitzurse, de Tracy, de Morville and Le Breton ? Answer: Thomas Becket
Question: What procedure removes the threat of brucellosis from milk? Answer: Pasteurisation
Question: Michael Barratt was the presenter of which BBC current affairs programme in the 1970s? Answer: Nationwide
Question: Who presented a series in 2008 where he visited each of the US states in 6 episodes? Answer: Stephen Fry
Question: Who has presented Give Us A Clue, Child's Play, and Crackerjack? Answer: Michael Aspel
Question: Which sitcom actor presents Scrapheap Challenge? Answer: Robert Llewellyn
Question: Who has presented City Hospital, Departure Lounge and Last Choir Standing? Answer: Nick Knowles
Question: Who presents Location, Location, Location with Phil Spencer? Answer: Kirstie Allsopp
Question: Myleen Klass now presents 10 Years Younger on Channel 4, but what was the name of the pop band that gave her success in 2001? Answer: Hear'Say
Question: Who presented Ask The Family in the 1970s? Answer: Robert Robinson
Question: Who took over as presenter of Countdown from Des O`Connor in 2009? Answer: Jeff Stelling
Question: Which Radio 4 comedy panel game has run since 1972, but did not air in 2008 following the death of it`s presenter? Answer: I`m sorry, I haven`t a clue
Question: What answer did Major Charles Ingram give to his 1m question? Answer: Googol
Question: Who joined the Eggheads team in 2008, having won Are You An Egghead? Answer: Barry Simmons
Question: What was the name of the first cloned mammal? Answer: Dolly
Question: In which country was the first FIFA World Cup held? Answer: Uruguay
Question: Who is the present FIFA president? Answer: Sepp Blatter
Question: Which part of the ear is commonly known as the anvil? Answer: Incus
Question: A chinese astronaut is known as what? Answer: Taikonaut
Question: What was the name of the 1927 film that was directed by Fritz Lang and featured a robot called Maria that inspired George Lucas to create the character C-3PO? Answer: Metropolis
Question: What is the name of the home planet of the Transformers? Answer: Cybertron
Question: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Robert Patrick and Kristanna Loken have all played terminators in movies, but which one played the T-1000 in Terminator 2: Judgement Day? Answer: Robert Patrick
Question: Which sci-fi author wrote the three laws of robotics? Answer: Issac Asimov
Question: Johnny 5 was the central character in which film? Answer: Short Circuit
Question: Droids was a animated TV series that was a spin off of which movie franchise? Answer: Star Wars
Question: Who played the gunslinging cowboy robot 406 in the 1973 movie Westworld? Answer: Yul Brynner
Question: Brent Spiner played which character in Star Trek: The Next Generation? Answer: Lieutenant Commander Data
Question: What was the name of the robot in Forbidden Planet? Answer: Robbie the robot
Question: Who was the first man to swim the English Channel? Answer: Captain Matthew Webb
Question: What city, famous for its 'black hole' is the Capital of West Bengal, and the third largest in India? Answer: Calcutta
Question: The second closest planet to the sun is what? Answer: Venus
Question: Who was the first professional footballer to be knighted? Answer: Stanley Matthews
Question: Au is the chemical symbol for what? Answer: Gold
Question: A dry red wine produced in the Bordeaux region of France is frequently known as a what? Answer: Claret
Question: Leonard Rossiter and Joan Collins advertised what drink in the 1970s? Answer: Cinzano Bianco
Question: What car manufacturer produces the Shogun? Answer: Mitsubishi
Question: This British tree is used to make hockey sticks, oars, paddles, rudders, billiard cues, cricket stumps, polo sticks and policemen's truncheons? Answer: The Ash
Question: What was E.T.'s favorite candy? Answer: Reese's Pieces
Question: What was the name of the spaceship in Alien? Answer: Nostromo
Question: What was the Joker's real name in Batman? Answer: Jack Napier
Question: How old is the prostitute, played by Jodie Foster in Taxi Driver, supposed to be? Answer: 12
Question: Brandon Lee died during the making of which film? Answer: The Crow
Question: Which type of car featured in The Italian Job? Answer: Mini
Question: What was the first film to win a Best Actor Oscar for Jack Nicholson? Answer: One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest
Question: The sequel to the movie Mad Max was called Mad Max 2, but what was the third in the series called? Answer: Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
Question: Noah had 3 sons, Ham and Shem were 2, who was the other? Answer: Japheth
Question: Who recorded 3 albums in the 1970s, which became known as the Berlin Trilogy? Answer: David Bowie
Question: In mythology, what was the name of the 3-headed dog that guarded the gates to Hades? Answer: Cerberus
Question: The Ironman event consists of 3 elements - a marathon, swimming, and which other? Answer: Cycling
Question: What is the name for the pinkish corner of the eye? Answer: The caruncula
Question: What is the name for the white half moon shape on your fingers? Answer: a lunula
Question: What is the crease between your lips and your nose called? Answer: The philtrum
Question: What is the name for the revolving spikey wheel on the end of a cowboy's spurs called? Answer: A rowel
Question: If a quaver is an 8th note in music, what is a 64th note called? Answer: A hemidemisemiquaver
Question: What is the dot called above an 'i' or 'j' called? Answer: A tittle
Question: Change the first letter in the surname of a famous jockey to get the surname of a famous New Zealand cricketer. Whats the name of the jockey and the cricketer. Answer: Frankie Dettori and Daniel Vettori
Question: Which two words, allegedly heard for the first time in the song Born to be Wild by Steppenwolf, describe a style of rock music? Answer: Heavy Metal
Question: What Olympic sport is derived from the Greek word for naked? Answer: Gymnastics
Question: If you are a Greek man and wear a fustenella what kind of garment would you be wearing? Answer: Skirt
Question: In which ocean is the former penal settlement of Devil's Island? Answer: Atlantic Ocean
Question: The Ligurian Sea is an arm of which body of water? Answer: Mediterranean Sea
Question: Which expanse of sea in the Orkney Islands was the main base of the British Grand Fleet in World War I? Answer: Scapa Flow
Question: Who is the Greek God of the Sea? Answer: Poseidon
Question: Standing on the Arabian Sea what is the principal seaport of Pakistan? Answer: Karachi
Question: The Gulf of Venice is the northern part of which sea? Answer: Adriatic Sea
Question: Which river flows into the Dead Sea? Answer: River Jordan
Question: In which ocean are the Kara, Beaufort and Lincoln Seas situated? Answer: Arctic Ocean
Question: Delia Smith is associated with which football league club? Answer: Norwich City
Question: Author Wilbur Smith was born and lived most of his life in which country? Answer: Rhodesia
Question: Dr Smith was the cowardly troublemaker in "Lost in Space". What was his first name? Answer: Zachary
Question: On what piece of equipment would you perform a "Smith Grind"? Answer: A Skateboard
Question: Smith & Wesson manufacture what? Answer: Firearms
Question: What was Will Smith's character's name in "Men in Black"? Answer: Agent J
Question: James Todd Smith, born 1968, is an American award winning rapper and actor. What is he better known as? Answer: LL Cool J
Question: Manchester United signed Patrice Evra from which other football team? Answer: Monaco
Question: Which English football team play thair home games at Spotland? Answer: rochdale
Question: Which French side knocked Bolton Wanderers out of the 2006 UEFA cup? Answer: Olympic Marseille
Question: Benfica and F.C. Porto compete in which country? Answer: Portugal
Question: Which country did Oliver Kahn play for? Answer: Germany
Question: Who were the first ever English team to win away against Real Madrid? Answer: Arsenal
Question: Who had a hit single in 1991 with The One And Only? Answer: Chesney Hawkes
Question: BBC 2 started its programming on 20 April, in which year? 1954, 1959 or 1964? Answer: 1964
Question: Who wrote The Three Musketeers? Answer: Alexandre Dumas
Question: In what year was the first Six Nations Championship played? Answer: 2000
Question: Who directed the 1960 film The Magnificent Seven? Answer: John Sturges
Question: What was given by my true love on the eighth day of Christmas? Answer: Eight maids-a-milking
Question: Traditionally, which player in a rugby league team wore the number nine shirt? Answer: Hooker
Question: The novel written by Agatha Christie that was renamed for political correctness in 1940 as Ten Little Indians has again been renamed.  How is this story now titled? Answer: And Then There Were None
Question: Which architect's works include Jameos del Agua, Mirador del Rio and Jardin de Cactus? Answer: Cesar Manrique
Question: What is the capital of Jersey? Answer: St Helier
Question: Which winner of the X Factor (UK) reached number 1 in the UK singles chart with their single 'Hallelujah'? Answer: Alexandra Burke
Question: Which philosopher was born in 551 BC in China? Answer: Confucius
Question: The Birds, a film by Alfred Hitchcock, was inspired by the short novel of the same name by which author? Answer: Daphne Du Maurier
Question: Who is the only person to be named number one box office star in the world for a five years in a row, when he acheived this every year from 1978 to 1982? Answer: Burt Reynolds
Question: What was Bon Jovi's first UK top ten hit single? Answer: Livin' On a Prayer
Question: Which famous movie charcter has had movies named after him in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s and the 2000s? Answer: Rocky Balboa
Question: How many number one singles did Queen have while Freddie Mercury was alive? Answer: Three
Question: In which TV show would you find the characters T-Bag and Linc The Sink? Answer: Prison Break
Question: In Star Wars what creatures did the sand people ride? Answer: Banthas
Question: What was Kylie Minogue's first UK number one single? Answer: I Should Be So Lucky
Question: Which famous person from the world of movies died on Christmas Day 1977? Answer: Charlie Chaplin
Question: In which occupation would you use a plonker? Answer: Tailoring
Question: Which sport or pastime would you be playing if you tried to sell a dummy to a hooker? Answer: Rugby
Question: In which sport or pastime do players tap and guard their balls? Answer: Bowls
Question: In which sport or pastime might you see six chinamen in a maiden or a nightwatchman out with a duck? Answer: Cricket
Question: Which sport or pastime would you be playing if you flicked your wink with your squidger into a tiddle? Answer: Tiddleywinks
Question: What English name is ususally given to The Palazzo Ducale in Venice ? Answer: The Doge's Palace
Question: On which famous river would you find the Cat and Mouse castles ? Answer: The River Rhine
Question: Which is the most southerly of The Channel Islands ? Answer: Jersey
Question: What is the highest peak in Exmoor National Park ? Answer: Dunkery Beacon
Question: What is the name of the Cumbrian town on the river Eden which has an annual horse fair ? Answer: Appleby
Question: Which city stands on the rivers Spree and Havel ? Answer: Berlin
Question: What is the largest lake in Italy ? Answer: Lake Garda
Question: What is the second largest of the Balearic Islands ? Answer: Menorca
Question: What is the longest river in Scandinavia ? Answer: The River Glomma
Question: The Northwest of which country is called Thrace ? Answer: Greece
Question: Which German football club has won the most league titles? Answer: FC Bayern Munich
Question: What was the name of the cat that survived the sinking of the Bismarck, HMS Cossack and the HMS Ark Royal in WW II ? Answer: Unsinkable Sam
Question: Which US state did Sir Walter Raleigh name? Answer: Virginia
Question: Which book begins with the line The American handed Leamus another cup of coffee.... ? Answer: The Spy Who Came In From The Cold
Question: Which two men are waiting for Godot? Answer: Vladimir and Estragon
Question: What is a bird AND a fruit? Answer: Kiwi
Question: Which Thomas was executed alongside Guy Fawkes in November 1605? Answer: Winter
Question: In which book would one find the trog like human species named Morlocks? Answer: The Time Machine
Question: Gossima was the original name for which sport? Answer: Table Tennis
Question: Which actor was a Prefab Sprout album? Answer: Steve McQueen
Question: Which English Monarch succeeded William III of Orange? Answer: Anne
Question: Which planet's day is longer than its year? Answer: Venus
Question: What is the name of the closest star to Earth? Answer: The Sun
Question: Who, in 1960, became the first woman Prime Minister in the world? Answer: Sirimavo Bandaranaike
Question: Which ancient thinker is said to have had a golden thigh? Answer: Pythagorus
Question: Which English cricket county did W. G. Grace represent? Answer: Gloucestershire
Question: In Japanese what word means they who serve? Answer: Samurai
Question: Which singing and dancing actor was born Frederick Austerlitz in 1899? Answer: Fred Astaire
Question: Who wrote the play Under Milk Wood? Answer: Dylan Thomas
Question: Which actress, who died in 1962, starred in the films Some Like It Hot and Bus Stop? Answer: Marilyn Monroe
Question: Which author's works include The History Of Mr Polly, The Time Machine and The War Of The Worlds? Answer: H.G. Wells
Question: Who wrote the poem The Hunting Of The Snark? Answer: Lewis Carroll
Question: Who played Vito Corleone in The Godfather? Answer: Marlon Brando
Question: Who wrote The Communist Manifesto? Answer: Karl Marx
Question: Which famous singer songwriter was the inspiration for the 2007 movie I'm Not There? Answer: Bob Dylan
Question: What is the name of Ron Weasley's pet rat in the Harry Potter movies? Answer: Scabbers
Question: Of Mice And Men is a novel by which American novelist? Answer: John Steinbeck
Question: There's a moose loose aboot this hoose is a line from the 1958 no1 hit single Hoots Mon by which band? Answer: Lord Rockingham's XI
Question: Glenis the Guinea Pig is which rodent superstar's girlfriend? Answer: Roland Rat's
Question: Spike the bulldog from the Tom And Jerry cartoons has a son called what? Answer: Tyke
Question: In the 1997 comedy movie MouseHunt which two comic actors play the parts of the Smuntz brothers Ernie and Lars? Answer: Nathan Lane and Lee Evans
Question: What is the first name of Agatha Christie's Miss Marple? Answer: Jane
Question: What was the name of the number one hit single by Spitting Image in 1986? Answer: The Chicken Song
Question: Who rode Kris Kin to success in the Epsom Derby in 2003? Answer: Kieran Fallon
Question: Who wrote the classic thriller novel The Thirty-Nine Steps? Answer: John Buchan
Question: Who was the last of the seven Roman kings? Answer: Lucius Tarquinius Superbus
Question: What colour was Barbara Windsor's bikini in Carry On Camping? Answer: Green
Question: Who did Rocky fight for the title in the original film? Answer: Apollo Creed
Question: What was the rank Steve McQueen's character in The Great Escape? Answer: Captain Hilts
Question: In which two James Bond films did Jaws appear? Answer: The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker
Question: What was Major Roy Franklin's nickname in The Guns of Navarone? Answer: Lucky
Question: What was the angel's name in It's a Wonderful Life? Answer: Clarence
Question: What were the names of the gay couple in Four Weddings and a funeral? Answer: Gareth and Matthew
Question: Which 1964 movie saw Peter Sellars utter the words "You can't fight in here Gentlemen this is a War Room"? Answer: Dr Strangelove.
Question: Two different doctors appear in Diagnosis Murder, and Grey's Anatomy, but have the same name. What is it? Answer: Dr Mark Sloan.
Question: What was Dr No's first name? Answer: Julius
Question: What was the name of the doctor played by Harrison Ford in the movie The Fugitive? Answer: Dr Richard Kimble
Question: What was the nickname of Dr Leonard McCoy in the original Star Trek series? Answer: Bones.
Question: Who played the lead part of Dr Malcolm Crowe in the movie Sixth Sense? Answer: Bruce Willis
Question: What is the first name of Dr House, played by Hugh Lawrie? Answer: Gregory.
Question: What was the name of the monkey in The Lion King? Answer: Rafiki
Question: In which country is The Aristocats set? Answer: France
Question: What is the name of the main ant from A Bug's Life? Answer: Flik
Question: What was the first full length animated feature to be produced by Walt Disney? Answer: Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
Question: Which famous Welsh singer sings the title song in The Emperor's New Groove? Answer: Tom Jones
Question: What name does Woody have carved on the bottom of his foot in Toy Story? Answer: Andy
Question: Lotus made an open top sports car called the Seven, but who makes it now? Answer: Caterham Cars
Question: Who was the only non-American to star as one of the Magnificent Seven? Answer: Horst Buchholz
Question: One of the Seven Wonders of the World was at Alexandria. What type of structure was it? Answer: A lighthouse
Question: New Zealand has won every IRB Sevens tournament since 1999 except one. Who won in 2005-2006? Answer: Fiji
Question: What was the name of the dog in Enid Blighton's Secret Seven books? Answer: Scamper
Question: Who wrote the Seven Dials Mystery? Answer: Agatha Christie
Question: Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt starred in Seven, but who played the killer? Answer: Kevin Spacey
Question: What was the name of the computer in Blake's Seven? Answer: Zen
Question: In what year did the first Red Nose Day take place? Answer: 1988
Question: Before Red Nose Day there were two comic relief records. What was the first one called and who was it by? Answer: Living Doll by Cliff Richard and The Young Ones
Question: The Stonk was the Red Nose Day single of 1991. Which comedy duo performed it? Answer: Hale and Pace
Question: Which Beatles song did Bananarama featuring La Na Nee Nee Noo Noo cover for Red Nose Day in 1989? Answer: Help
Question: Who played Harry Potter in a sketch for Red Nose Day in 2003? Answer: Dawn French
Question: In a Little Britain sketch for Red Nose Day in 2007, who played Vicky Pollard's sister? Answer: Kate Moss
Question: What was the title of the 1995 Red Nose Day single featuring Eric Clapton? Answer: Love Can Build A Bridge
Question: What was the name of Roy Rogers' horse? Answer: Trigger
Question: What was the name of Tex Ritter's horse? Answer: White Flash
Question: What ws the name of Tonto's horse? Answer: Scout
Question: What was the name of Hopalong Cassidy's horse? Answer: Topper
Question: What was the name of The Cisco Kid's horse? Answer: Diablo
Question: What was yhe name of Ken Maynard's horse? Answer: Tarzan
Question: What was the name of Tom Mix's horse? Answer: Tony
Question: What was the name of Dale Evans' horse? Answer: Buttermilk
Question: What are the five first names of the members of the pop group Girls Aloud? Answer: Cheryl (Cole), Nadine (Coyle), Sarah (Harding), Nicola (Roberts) and Kimberley (Walsh)
Question: In the Bible, what are the five books that make up the Pentateuch? Answer: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy
Question: What are the names of the four houses at Hogwarts in the Harry Potter novels? Answer: Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin
Question: Which TV show is centred around Al Bundy, his wife Peggy, and their children Kelly and Bud? Answer: Married With Children
Question: On which 1990s TV show would you find Captain Nathan Bridger? Answer: SeaQuest DSV
Question: On the TV show Blue Thunder, what type of vehicle was Blue Thunder? Answer: A helicopter
Question: What breed was Columbo's dog? Answer: Basset hound
Question: Which famous American actor played Rowdy Yates in the TV series Rawhide? Answer: Clint Eastwood
Question: Who was the first winner of ITV's Dancing On Ice? Answer: Gaynor Faye
Question: On the third series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here, in what position did Jordan finish? Answer: Fifth
Question: Who has starred in both Star Trek and Heroes? Answer: George Takei
Question: As of 2009, who holds the record for winning more major golf championships than anyone else? Answer: Jack Nicklaus
Question: As of 2009, who is the only Scottish footballer to have been named European Footballer of the Year? Answer: Denis Law
Question: How many of Muhammad Ali's 61 professional boxing fights did he win? 50, 56 or 60? Answer: 56
Question: What was the nationality of former Olympic downhill skier Franz Klammer? Answer: Austrian
Question: On 6 May 1954 Roger Bannister was the first person to run a mile in under four minutes.  Who took the record from him 46 days later? Answer: John Landy
Question: How many gold medals did Mark Spitz win in the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City? Answer: Two
Question: As on 2009, which American Football team has won the most Superbowls? Answer: Pittsburgh Steelers
Question: In which royal residence did both George V and George VI die? Answer: Sandringham House
Question: Which scientific instrument was invented by father and son Hans and Zacharias Jansen in the late 16th Century? Answer: Microscope
Question: Who was the commander-in-chief of the Greeks in the Trojan Wars and was murdered by his wife Clytemnestra? Answer: Agamemnon
Question: Which Australian group started their career in 1977 as The Ferris Brothers? Answer: INXS
Question: Who is the mother of actress Vanessa Redgrave? Answer: Rachel Kempson
Question: In which country did David Beckham marry Victoria Adams? Answer: Ireland
Question: Which of the disciples of Jesus was the brother of Andrew? Answer: Saint Peter
Question: What is Dr Doom's first name? Answer: Victor
Question: Ben Grimm is better known by what name? Answer: The Thing
Question: Who plays Colonel Nick Fury in the film Iron Man? Answer: Samuel L. Jackson
Question: What is the name of the newspaper that Peter Parker works for? Answer: The Daily Bugle
Question: Who is Kal-El better known as? Answer: Superman
Question: Who played Nick Fury in the made for TV movie of the same name? Answer: David Hasselhoff
Question: What is the name of the doctor of which the Incredible Hulk is the alter-ego? Answer: Bruce Banner
Question: What were the full names of Bonnie and Clyde? Answer: Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow
Question: Who played Irish-American cop Jim Malone in the 1987 film The Untouchables? Answer: Sean Connery
Question: Brother owner Anna Sage is best known in history for giving information to the FBI on which bank robber? Answer: John Dillinger
Question: Martin Riggs is a police officer in which series of films? Answer: Lethal Weapon
Question: The film Reservoir Dogs involved a botched job to steal what type of items? Answer: Jewellery
Question: Which movie, starring Steve McQueen and Ali MacGraw, was remade with Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger in the leading roles? Answer: The Getaway
Question: Real life police officers Buddy Russo and Jimmy Popeye Doyle are depicted in the movie The French Connection by which two actors? Answer: Gene Hackman and Roy Scheider
Question: Officer Alex J. Murphy became better known by what name in the title of a 1987 film? Answer: RoboCop
Question: Who played The Outlaw Josie Wales in the movie of the same name? Answer: Clint Eastwood
Question: Who was the dentist, gambler and gunfighter of the American Old West, who is usually remembered for his friendship with Wyatt Earp? Answer: John Henry Doc Holliday
Question: Who wrote and performed the Oscar Nominated track Blaze Of Glory for the movie Young Guns 2? Answer: Jon Bon Jovi
Question: In response to his young radio listeners aspiring to be just like him, who created the Cowboy Code, or Cowboy Commandments? Answer: Gene Autry
Question: What was John Wayne's last movie? Answer: The Shootist
Question: Together For The First Time - James Stewart - John Wayne - in the masterpiece of four-time Academy Award winner John Ford was the tag-line to what movie? Answer: The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
Question: In 2006 there were approximately how many pubs in the UK? 47,500, 57,500 or 67,500? Answer: 57,500
Question: What is the second most common pub name in the UK behind the Red Lion? Answer: The Royal Oak
Question: Amos Brierly and Mr Wilks ran which pub on TV? Answer: The Woolpack
Question: With only one letter in its name. What is the name of the pub with the shortest name? Answer: Q
Question: The Bottle Inn at Marshwood in Dorset has what annual eye watering and tongue numbing item on the menu? Answer: Nettles
Question: Which movie sees Jack Lemmon and Tont Curtis dressed as women in an all girl band? Answer: Some Like It Hot
Question: In which of Shakespeare's plays does the character Viola pose as a boy, Cesario? Answer: Twelfth Night
Question: Barry Humphries plays Dame Edna Everage, but which character does he plays as the Australian Cultural Attache? Answer: Sir Les Patterson
Question: Who plays the killer in the 1960 film Psycho where he dresses in his mother's clothes? Answer: Anthony Perkins
Question: Which character in the TV series MASH dresses as a woman in an attempt to be dismissed from the army? Answer: Klinger
Question: Which 1970 hit for the Kinks was about a young man's experience with a transvestite in a bar? Answer: Lola
Question: Which male actor played a female soap star in the film Tootsie? Answer: Dustin Hoffman.
Question: Which British comedian describes himself as an executive transvestite? Answer: Eddie Izzard
Question: The film Mrs Doubtfire, starring Robin Williams in the title role, was set in a Victorian property known as one of the painted ladies. In which city is this tourist attraction? Answer: San Francisco
Question: Who is the Celtic sun-god? Answer: Lugh
Question: What was renamed as BBC Radio 4 in 1967? Answer: BBC Home Service
Question: How many symphonies did Mozart compose? Answer: 41
Question: Who wrote Principia Mathematica, published in 1687? Answer: Isaac Newton
Question: What are the dry constituents of dry Martini? Answer: Gin and Vermouth
Question: In music, the B-52s were formed in which year? 1976, 1980 or 1984? Answer: 1976
Question: Who is the only player to have scored a hat-trick in the top four flights of the English leagues, in the FA Cup and League Cup, and at international level? Answer: Rob Earnshaw
Question: Who was the first player to be sent off in an FA Cup final at Wembley? Answer: Kevin Moran
Question: Which team hold the record for the highest aggregate win in the Champions League, beating Sporting Lisbon 12-1? Answer: Bayern Munich
Question: Who was the first goalkeepers to score a goal in the Premier League? Answer: Peter Schmeichel
Question: The Declaration of Arbroath was signed in which century? Answer: 14th
Question: Where in Scotland was the famous Irish manuscript The Book Of Kells illuminated? Answer: Iona
Question: Who was the last British monarch to have been born in Scotland? Answer: Charles I
Question: During which century was Sir Walter Scott born? Answer: 18th
Question: James IV was killed during which battle? Answer: Flodden Field
Question: Architect of the Battle Of Britain victory, Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding was born in what borders town? Answer: Moffat
Question: In New York in 1890, William Kemmler became the first person to be executed by what method? Answer: Electric chair
Question: In 1960, which country became the first in the world to have a female Prime Minister? Answer: Sri Lanka
Question: What was the name of the first dog to orbit the earth? Answer: Laika
Question: French woman Isabelle Dinoire was the first person to receive a transplant of which body part in 2005? Answer: Face
Question: What was the world's first jet-driven airliner to enter commercial service? Answer: The Comet
Question: Situated on the north coast of Scotland, the UK's first fast-breeder nuclear reactor is situated where? Answer: Dounreay
Question: In 1983, Colin Pirchfork became the first criminal to be convicted for murder by the use of what evidence? Answer: DNA fingerprinting
Question: Born in 1978, what is the name of the UK's first "test tube baby"? Answer: Louise Brown
Question: Which Dutch airline merged with Air France in 2004? Answer: KLM
Question: If your suitcase had an airline luggage tag with the letters LAX, to which town or city would you be travelling? Answer: Los Angeles
Question: Before breaking up, how was the Union of Soviet Socialist Rebublics abbreviated in Russian, using the Russian Cyrillic alphabet? Answer: CCCP
Question: In which country does OPEC maintain its headquarters? Answer: Austria
Question: Who is the Minister of Magic in Harry Potter And The Philosopher's stone? Answer: Cornelius Fudge
Question: I AM LORD VOLDEMORT is an anagram of which character's name? Answer: Tom Marvolo Riddle
Question: Name the character played by Anthony Perkins in Hitchcock's 1960 movie, Psycho. Answer: Norman Bates
Question: Ming the Merciless is the arch-enemy of which comic book hero? Answer: Flash Gordon
Question: In which 1987 movie thriller did Glenn Close boil a bunny? Answer: Fatal Attraction
Question: Who is the arch-enemy of Inspector Gadget? Answer: Dr. Claw
Question: What name was given to the serial killer sought by Clarice Starling in Silence of the Lambs? Answer: Buffalo Bill
Question: Uma Thurman plays which enemy of Batman in the 1997 movie Batman And Robin? Answer: Poison Ivy
Question: Which villainous soap character is played by John Altman? Answer: Nasty Nick Cotton
Question: Rene Belloq is the arch-enemy of which movie hero? Answer: Indiana Jones
Question: Which iconic movie villain was played by a wrestler with the professional name of Tosh Togo? Answer: Oddjob
Question: Which group take their name from the promoter (Bill Goode), and the DJ that first played their records (Bill Gates)? Answer: Bee Gees
Question: Which famous UK band took their name from an unemployment benefit form? Answer: UB40
Question: Which American band had hits with Bad Moon Rising and Proud Mary? Answer: Creedence Clearwater Revival
Question: Which band shares it's name with a type of foam used in horticulture? Answer: Oasis
Question: Which group had members with the christian names Jay, Merrill, Alan and Wayne? Answer: The Osmonds
Question: Which Australian rock band did not perform for a year after the death of their lead singer in 1997 by asphyxiation? Answer: INXS
Question: Which Jackson has starred in Star Wars, Pulp Fiction, and Snakes On A Plane? Answer: Samuel L Jackson
Question: Thomas Jonathan Jackson was a confederate general during the American Civil War. By what name was he better known? Answer: Stonewall
Question: Who had a UK hit in 1979 with Is She Really Going Out With Him? Answer: Joe Jackson
Question: Which Jackson was an influential American abstract artist who died in 1956? Answer: Jackson Pollock
Question: Colin Jackson once held the world record in which athletics event? Answer: 110m hurdles
Question: What was the name of the character played by Kate Jackson in Charlie's Angels? Answer: Sabrina
Question: By what name is the day preceding the Christian fasting period of Lent commonly referred? Answer: Shrove Tuesday
Question: In which month is the Vernal Equinox in the northern hemisphere? Answer: March
Question: All Saints Day is celebrated on the first day of which month? Answer: November
Question: In France, which flower is given on May Day as a good luck charm? Answer: Lily of the valley
Question: What is the date of St George's Day? Answer: 23rd April
Question: Guy Fawkes Night on November 5th celebrates the discovery of the plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament?  In what year did this take place? Answer: 1605
Question: How is the date of the summer bank holiday determined in England and Wales? Answer: The last Monday in August
Question: Which classic of English literature sees the heroine marry a farm worker called Angel Clare? Answer: Tess Of The d'Urbervilles.
Question: The 1990s American TV series Angel was a spin-off from which other TV series? Answer: Buffy The Vampire Slayer
Question: The Angel tube station in London holds the European record for which piece of engineering? Answer: Longest escalator
Question: The 1980s BBC drama series Angels was set in what type of establishment? Answer: A hospital
Question: What nationality is golfer Angel Cabrera, winner of the U.S. Masters in 2009? Answer: Argentinian
Question: Who lives at 4 Paget Drive, Little Whinging? Answer: Harry Potter
Question: Which author created a fictional world that included Little Delving, Hardbottle and The Marrish? Answer: J. R. R. Tolkien
Question: Which family live at 742 Evergreen Terrace? Answer: The Simpsons
Question: Which TV programme is set in Glenbogle, an estate in the Scottish highlands? Answer: Monarch Of The Glen
Question: Which TV comedy series featured a fictional property, with a sign featuring letters that had been re-arranged into anagrams such as Fatty Owls and Farty Towels? Answer: Fawlty Towers
Question: Pemberley is the country estate owned by Fitzwilliam Darcy in which Jane Austin novel? Answer: Pride and Prejudice
Question: Which novel first introduced Room 101? Answer: Nineteen Eighty Four
Question: By what name did Annie Mae Bullock become better known in the music world? Answer: Tina Turner
Question: How many blank tiles are there in a game of Scrabble? Answer: 2
Question: Who was head chef on the first series of ITV's Hell's Kitchen? Answer: Gordon Ramsay
Question: In which city is the film Don't Look Now set? Answer: Venice
Question: Where do locusts lay their eggs? Answer: In sand
Question: What name is given to the nesting site of penguins? Answer: Rookery
Question: Manzanilla is a variety of what type of alcoholic drink? Answer: Sherry
Question: The geographic region of Patagonia is situated between which two South American countries ? Answer: Argentina and Chile
Question: Which South American country will host the 2014 football World Cup ? Answer: Brazil
Question: Who reached No.1 in the UK charts in 1977 with 'Don't cry for me, Argentina ' ? Answer: Julie Covington
Question: Bolivia gained independance in 1825 - from which European country ? Answer: Spain
Question: Which fictional character from children's literature came from Darkest Peru ? Answer: Paddington Bear
Question: What is the capital of Venezuela ? Answer: Caracas
Question: Which ocean seperates the East coast of South America from the West coast of Africa ? Answer: Atlantic
Question: Who was the President of Argentina at the time of the Falklands invasion in 1982 ? Answer: General Galtieri
Question: What is the name of the woman Hugh Grant was caught performing a lewd act with on Sunset Boulevard in 1995? Answer: Divine Brown
Question: Who was vilified by the press for dangling his youngest son over the edge of a balcony? Answer: Michael Jackson
Question: From which shop on Fifth Avenue did Winona Ryder get caught shoplifting in 2002? Answer: Saks
Question: What is the name of the adopted daughter of Mia Farrow who married her mother's former long-term lover? Answer: Soon-Yi
Question: Which Oscar winner once pled guilty to charges of unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor and, after a 42 day psychiatric evaluation, fled to France? Answer: Roman Polanski
Question: Nicknamed the sweater girl, which famous actress's daughter, Cheryl, killed her mother's mob-linked boyfriend Johnny Stompanato? Answer: Lana Turner's
Question: Which Oscar winning actress was denounced by Senator Edwin C. Johnson as a powerful influence for evil after she had an affair with and left her husband for Roberto Rossellini? Answer: Ingrid Bergman
Question: Which actor, who has worked for Governor Schwarzenegger, was at the centre of a sex tape scandal involving a 16-year-old back in 1988? Answer: Rob Lowe
Question: In the painting called Self Portrait With Bandaged Ear by Van Gogh, is Van Gogh's left ear or right ear bandaged? Answer: Left
Question: Where in the human body would you find the scaphoid bone? Answer: In the wrist
Question: Which organ of the human body does hepatitis affect? Answer: Liver
Question: How many muscles are there in total in an average human's set of fingers? Answer: None
Question: How many pairs of chromosomes are there in the human body? Answer: 23
Question: What common name is given to those who suffer from kyphosis? Answer: Hunchback
Question: What name is given to the only muscle in the human body that is only attached at one end? Answer: The tongue
Question: Where does Homer Simpson work? Answer: Springfield Nuclear Power Plant
Question: What is the name of the bulldog who featured in the Tom and Jerry cartoons? Answer: Spike
Question: What is the name of the police officer whose beat includes the alley where Top Cat and his gang live? Answer: Officer Dibble
Question: Mortimer was the original name for which famous cartoon mouse? Answer: Mickey Mouse
Question: What is the name of the smart suited man who regularly visits a magic costume shop for adventure? Answer: Mr Benn
Question: Which cartoon characters were known as heroes in a half shell? Answer: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Question: Which killer lived at 186 Fleet Street and gave the bodies of his victims to Mrs Lovett for her to make meat pies with? Answer: Sweeney Todd
Question: Patrick Bateman is a serial killer and businessman in which novel by Brett Easton Ellis? Answer: American Psycho
Question: Who killed at least 17 men and boys before being arrested in Milwaukee in 1991? Answer: Jeffery Dahmer
Question: Which killer was executed by electric chair in January 1989 after confessing to the murder of around 30 young women during the 1970s, mostly by bludgeoning and strangling? Answer: Ted Bundy
Question: What nickname was given to the serial killer who killed and dismembered women in the Whitechapel area of London during the 1880s? Answer: Jack the Ripper
Question: In the film Silence Of The Lambs what is the nickname given to the killer Jame Gumb who Agent Starling is persuing with the help of Hannibal Lecter? Answer: Buffalo Bill
Question: Which serial killer lived at 10 Rillington Place? Answer: John Christie
Question: What is the real name of the Yorkshire Ripper, convicted in 1981 of the murder of 13 people? Answer: Peter Sutcliffe
Question: Two is the only even prime number? Answer: True
Question: The African Rhinoceros has two horns on its head? Answer: True
Question: Elvis Presley was a black belt in Karate? Answer: True
Question: A rat can survive longer without water than a camel? Answer: True
Question: Charlie Chaplin once won first prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-a-like contest? Answer: False
Question: Rubies and Sapphires are exactly alike except in colour? Answer: True
Question: Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntelroy? Answer: True
Question: Which actor starred in the movie School Of Rock? Answer: Jack Black
Question: In what decade rom was the school leaving age raised from 15 to 16? Answer: 1970s
Question: Beauty School Drop Out is a song from which movie? Answer: Grease
Question: What was the name of the school at which Ken Barlow was a teacher in the TV soap opera Coronation Street? Answer: Weatherfield Comprehensive
Question: Teacher Gordon Sumner went on to become the lead singer of a top band and then have a successful solo recording artist under what name? Answer: Sting
Question: Which politician was nicknamed the milk snatcher after stopping free milk in schools? Answer: Margaret Thatcher
Question: The book Tom Brown's School Days is set in which school? Answer: Rugby
Question: Who won a gold medal in the 100 metres breaststroke at the 1980 Olympics in Moscow? Answer: Duncan Goodhew
Question: Linford Christie won a gold medal representing Great Britain in the 100 metres at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona, but what country was he born in? Answer: Jamaica
Question: Who won the gold medal in the heptathlon in the 2000 Olympics? Answer: Denise Lewis
Question: What colour medal did Amir Khan win in the lightweight boxing tournament at the 2004 Olympics? Answer: Silver
Question: Who won a silver medal in the men's javelin event at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta? Answer: Steve Backley
Question: Sean Kerly, Imran Sherwani and Ian Taylor were all members of Great Britain's gold-medal winning team in the 1988 Olympics in Seoul. In what sport? Answer: Hockey
Question: If Freddie Mercury was on vocals, Brian May was on lead guitar, and Roger Taylor was on drums, who was on bass guitar? Answer: John Deacon
Question: If the US states that border Canada from west to east are Washington, Idaho, Montana, and North Dakota, what comes next? Answer: Minnesota
Question: If 11 is 3, 100 is 4, 101 is 5, what is 1001? Answer: 9
Question: If Winston Churchill was the first post war Prime Minister, Clement Atlee was second, Churchill third, and Anthony Eden fourth, who was 5th? Answer: Harold McMillan
Question: If Dr. No was first, From Russia With Love was second, and Goldfinger was third, what was fourth? Answer: Thunderball
Question: If Elton John has had 7, ABBA have had 9, and Cliff Richard has had 14, who has had the most with 21? Answer: Elvis Presley
Question: If Finland won in 2006, Serbia in 2007, and Russia in 2008, who won in May 2009? Answer: Norway
Question: If the equator crosses Africa's West coast in the country of Gabon, in which country does it cross the East coast? Answer: Somalia
Question: If this character was played by Michael Keaton in 1989, Val Kilmer in 1995, and George Clooney in 1997, who played him in 2008? Answer: Christian Bale
Question: The band T'Pau took their name from a character in which TV series? Answer: Star Trek.
Question: What name is given to abdominal thrusts performed on a choking victim, which is named after the American physician to whom it is credited? Answer: Heimlich manoeuvre.
Question: The band Kaiser Chiefs took their name from a football club in which country? Answer: South Africa.
Question: Which British band named themselves after the villain from the sci-fi movie Barbarella? Answer: Duran Duran.
Question: The author of Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy had an asteroid named after him after he died in 2001. What was his name? Answer: Douglas Adams.
Question: What country is home to Kenai Fjords National Park? Answer: USA
Question: What fruit is nicknamed the Alligator Pear? Answer: Avocado
Question: What is the name of the clockwork device used by pianists to measure time? Answer: Metronome
Question: When Elisha Graves Otis invented it, he called it the safety hoist. What do we call it now? Answer: The elevator
Question: Lanolin comes from what animal? Answer: Sheep
Question: Written by Ernest Hemingway, what is the subject of the 1932 non-fiction book Death In The Afternoon? Answer: Bull-fighting
Question: The Thirty Years' War was finally ended in 1648 with what peace treaty? Answer: Peace of Westphalia
Question: What nationality is Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot? Answer: Belgian
Question: Which country was the only original member of OPEC outside of the Middle East? Answer: Venezuela
Question: Name any year that Leonardo Da Vinci was alive. Answer: 1452 - 1519
Question: How were Fleegle, Bingo, Drooper and Snork better known collectively on TV? Answer: The banana splits
Question: What is the nickname of Bournemouth F.C.? Answer: The Cherries
Question: What is the longest river in South Africa? Answer: The Orange River
Question: Tom Joad was the main character in which John Steinbeck novel? Answer: The Grapes Of Wrath
Question: What famous song is Huckleberry Hound best known for singing? Answer: My Darling Clementine
Question: What does a silkworm feed on? Answer: Mulberries
Question: The Smurfs are described as being how tall? Answer: Three apples high
Question: What is the name of Liverpool's main railway station? Answer: Lime Street
Question: What is the name of the John Lennon memorial garden in Central Park, New York? Answer: Strawberry Fields
Question: Who is the oldest of Prince Andrew's daughters? Answer: Princess Beatrice
Question: Who was the last monarch of England only? Answer: Elizabeth I
Question: Commissioned by Queen Victoria in memory of her husband, in which Royal park would you find the Albert Memorial? Answer: Kensington Gardens
Question: Which royal establishment was moved from London to Llantrisant in South Wales in 1968? Answer: The Royal Mint
Question: What event takes place on the official birthday of the sovereign? Answer: Trooping the Colour
Question: What is the name of the Scottish home of the British Royal Family? Answer: Balmoral Castle
Question: What temperature is the same in Celsius as it is in Fahrenheit? Answer: -40 degrees
Question: Which subterranean animal shares its name with a measurement of substance? Answer: Mole
Question: What is the name of the pigment that makes leaves green? Answer: Chlorophyll
Question: How many dwarf planets are there in our solar system? Answer: Five
Question: Absolute zero is a temperature defined as 0 on what scale? Answer: The Kelvin scale
Question: Oology is the study of what? Answer: Eggs
Question: Nephrology is the study of which organs? Answer: Kidneys
Question: Which famous building has the address of 1600 Pennysylvania Avenue? Answer: The White House
Question: Which public service is located near Victoria Station in London at 10 Broadway? Answer: New Scotland Yard
Question: Which international charity is registered at John Smith Drive, Cowley, Oxford? Answer: OXFAM
Question: Which public service moved from Bracknell in Berkshire, to Exeter in Devon in 2003? Answer: The met office
Question: Which historic event would you associate with Pudding Lane in London? Answer: The Great Fire of London
Question: Which English Victorian author was born in 1812 in Old Commercial Rd, Landport, Portsmouth? Answer: Charles Dickens
Question: The postal address of which famous building is simply, PO Box 995, Kentucky, USA? Answer: Fort Knox
Question: Albany and Camp Hill are two of the three prisons outside Newport on the Isle of Wight. What is the third? Answer: Parkhurst
Question: Who killed John F Kennedy? Answer: Lee Harvey Oswald
Question: Who killed Martin Luther King? Answer: James Earl Ray
Question: Name the follow up to the Clint Eastwood film 'Every Which Way But Loose'. Answer: Any Which Way You Can
Question: In whch Robert Di Nero film would you hear the line You Talking To Me? Answer: Taxi Driver
Question: Which seaside resort is the setting for the Only Fools And Horses 'Jolly Boys Outing'? Answer: Margate
Question: Inspector 'Dirty' Harry Callaghan attempted to clean up the streets of which US City? Answer: San Francisco
Question: Dr Egon Spengler appears in which film? Answer: Ghostbusters
Question: Richard Harris plays which charcter in the Harry Potter films? Answer: Professor Dumbledore
Question: In which year was the film Casablanca premiered? Answer: 1942
Question: Comedian Steve Coogan provided the voice for which animal in the 1996 film Wind In The Willows? Answer: Mole
Question: How many ounces are there in a pound? Answer: 16
Question: How many pints are there in a gallon? Answer: 8
Question: How many yards are there in a mile? Answer: 1,760
Question: How many feet are there in a fathom? Answer: 6
Question: How many yards are there in a chain? Answer: 22
Question: How many gallons are there in a firkin? Answer: 9
Question: How many sheets of paper are there in a quire? Answer: 24
Question: How many noggings are there in a pint? Answer: 4
Question: Who won a Silver medal in the 1988 Olympic Games for 110m hurdles? Answer: Colin Jackson
Question: The Neverland Ranch is in which US state? Answer: California
Question: Which Jackson has starred in Star Wars and Pulp Fiction? Answer: Samuel L Jackson
Question: Which song written by Michael Jackson & Lionel Ritchie was recorded by a group of 45 singers? Answer: We are the World
Question: Which of Michael Jackson's singles spent the longest at number one in the UK? Answer: Earth Song
Question: Name the Jackson who is a judge on American Idol? Answer: Randy
Question: In 1986 Jackson signed a $15 million deal with which company - it was the largest ever endorsement for product promotion? Answer: Pepsi
Question: Prince & Prince Michael II are two of Jackson's children, name the third? Answer: Paris
Question: Which artist was known as Jack the Dripper' because of his technique of dripping & pouring paint onto a canvas? Answer: Jackson Pollock
Question: Whose 'wings are like a shield of steel'? Answer: Batfink's
Question: Phil Collins won an Oscar for Best Original Song for which Disney film? Answer: Tarzan
Question: In the Disney cartoon what was the name of The Little Mermaid? Answer: Ariel
Question: In the Lion King, what was the name of Simba's father? Answer: Mufasa
Question: The childrens TV character Prince Adam of Eternia is better known by what name? Answer: He-Man
Question: What is Paddington Bear's favourite snack? Answer: Marmalade Sandwiches
Question: Who was described as an old, saggy cloth cat, baggy, and a bit loose at the seams? Answer: Bagpuss
Question: Which 1980s cartoon was based on a classic story written by Alexandre Dumas? Answer: Dogtanian And The Three Muskehounds
Question: Who had Wings like a shield of steel? Answer: Batfink
Question: Who were the two voice artists of the cartoon characters Dangermouse and his sidekick Penfold? Answer: David Jason and Terry Scott
Question: What was the name of SuperTed's sidekick? Answer: Spotty
Question: Which country produces the wine Vinho Verdi? Answer: Portugal
Question: What are the two main ingredients of Hollandaise sauce? Answer: Egg yolks and butter
Question: Skets, mtrios, and glyks are three different types of Greek what? Answer: Coffee
Question: Half the world's pistachio nuts are grown in which country? Answer: Iran
Question: What is the name of the Irish whiskey illicitly made from barley? Answer: Poteen
Question: In which European country did red onions originate? Answer: Italy
Question: Apart from Del Boy, Rodney and Grandad, which other regular character appeared in the first ever episode? Boycie, Mickey Pearce or Trigger? Answer: Trigger
Question: What was the name of the episode in which Rodney first met Cassandra? Answer: Yuppy Love
Question: What was the nickname of Rodney's real dad? Answer: Freddie The Frog
Question: In which episode did Del Boy first meet Raquel? Answer: Dates
Question: Who played Aunt Renee in The Frogs Legacy? Answer: Joan Sims
Question: Before the most recent Christmas specials, how may episodes were there in which neither Uncle Albert or Grandad appeared? None, two or nine? Answer: Two
Question: Which famous actor played Roy Slater? Answer: Jim Broadbent
Question: At which stadium do Scotland play their home football matches? Answer: Hampden Park
Question: Which English county town stands on the river Lune? Answer: Lancaster
Question: Which cowboy showman's real name was Willaim Cody? Answer: Buffalo Bill
Question: Howard Brown fronted which bank's tv adverts until 2008? Answer: Halifax
Question: Which sci-fi series was the basis of the film Serenity and created by Buffy creator Joss Wheadon? Answer: Firefly
Question: Which fruit grows on palm trees? Answer: Dates
Question: What is the capital of the U.S. state of Hawaii? Answer: Honolulu
Question: Saint Lucia is an island holiday destination in which sea? Answer: The Caribbean Sea
Question: Which Prince featured in the title of the Chronicles Of Narnia film released in the summer of 2008? Answer: Prince Caspian
Question: On a beach, what colours are the flags denoting a lifeguard area? Answer: Red and Yellow
Question: The use of what garden equipment is sometimes banned during particularily hot summers? Answer: Hosepipe
Question: Complete the name of this popular ice cream flavour: Rum and _____? Answer: Raisin
Question: Which actress played Summer in the TV show The OC? Answer: Rachel Bilson
Question: In which month does midsummer's day occur? Answer: June
Question: How many players compete in a professional beach volleyball game? Answer: Two
Question: Soleil means sun in which language? Answer: French
Question: The Costa del Sol is a region of which country? Answer: Spain
Question: Who had a summer hit in 2008 with Sweet About Me? Answer: Gabriella Cilmi
Question: In a hit film from the summer of 2008, Robert Downey Jr. played a man made of what? Answer: Iron
Question: What type of summer clothing is an espadrille? Answer: A Shoe
Question: Which London football team earned the nickname the crazy gang? Answer: Wimbeldon
Question: Which player was involved in Britain's first million pound transfer? Answer: Trevor Francis
Question: Who did Alan Shearer play for before he joined Blackburn Rovers? Answer: Southampton
Question: Who joined Liverpool from Nottingham Forest for over 8 million in 1995? Answer: Stan Collymore
Question: Which team used to play their home matches at Filbert Street? Answer: Leicester City
Question: Which football team are nicknamed the tractor boys? Answer: Ipswich Town
Question: Who was the manager of Portsmouth before Paul Hart took over? Answer: Tony Adams
Question: In which African country was Michael Essien born? Answer: Ghana
Question: Who provided the voices for the animals in Animal Magic? Answer: Johnny Morris
Question: Which children's TV show started with the words Here is a box, a musical box, wound up and ready to play? Answer: Camberwick Green
Question: Which character was dressed as a jester in Rentaghost? Answer: Timothy Claypole
Question: When Burgess Meredith was the special guest villain in Batman, which character did he play? Answer: The Penguin
Question: Gerry Anderson's Stingray told about the adventures of Troy Tempest. Which organisation did Troy Tempest work for? Answer: WASP
Question: If Dill was a dog, what type of animal was Parsley? Answer: A lion
Question: Who was the artist on the TV series Vision On? Answer: Tony Hart
Question: Who was the companion of Crystal Tipps? Answer: Alistair
Question: Brinsley Forde who went on to become the lead singer of Aswad starred in which children's TV series of the 1970s? Answer: Here Come The Double Deckers
Question: What is the unofficial national anthem of Australia? Answer: Waltzing Matilda
Question: Which leader was painted warts and all? Answer: Oliver Cromwell
Question: Which royal house succeeded the Tudors? Answer: Stuart
Question: Name the space shuttle that exploded in 1986 Answer: Challenger
Question: What was William Blake's most famous poem? Answer: The Tiger
Question: Ross Kemp plays which Eastenders character? Answer: Grant Mitchell
Question: In the Jungle Book, what animal was Bagheera? Answer: Black Panther
Question: Which British statesman's ancestral home was Blenheim Palace? Answer: Winston Churchill
Question: Phil Collins played drums with which band? Answer: Genesis
Question: Who was the last woman executed in the UK? Answer: Ruth Ellis
Question: What links Cheryl Cole, Dannii Minogue, and Sharon Osbourne? Answer: X-Factor judges
Question: Epiphany is known by what other name in some countries? Answer: Three Kings Day
Question: Who founded ChildLine and presented That's Life? Answer: Esther Rantzen
Question: Which three characters have advertised Kellogs Rice Krispies since 1903? Answer: Snap, Crackle and Pop
Question: Which month gets its name from the Latin word for eight? Answer: October
Question: What type of snake is a sidewinder? Answer: Rattlesnake
Question: What was the name of Britney Spears` first hit single? Answer: Baby One More Time
Question: What is the name of the BBC science and philosophy documentary series that has produced more than 1000 episodes since it began in 1964? Answer: Horizon
Question: What was Hephaestus the Greek God of? Answer: Fire
Question: What is the first book of the Bible attributed to a prophet? Answer: Joshua
Question: Prior to his death in 1976 what was John Wayne's last film? Answer: The Shootist
Question: Which famous Indian became known as Rebecca Rolfe and died in Gravesend in Kent? Answer: Pocahontas
Question: What was the name of the Cartwright's ranch in Bonanza? Answer: Ponderosa
Question: Which Indian tribe did Sitting Bull belong to? Answer: Sioux
Question: What started at Fort Sumter in April 1861? Answer: American Civil War
Question: In which territory, now US state, was the Battle of Little Bighorn fought? Answer: Montana
Question: Known as "The Singing Cowboy" who had his biggest hit record with the original recording of "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer"? Answer: Gene Autry
Question: In James Fenimore Cooper's classic story, how is the character Uncas referred to in the novel's title? Answer: The Last of the Mohicans
Question: Who succeeded General Joseph Johnston as the Commander of the Army of Northern Virginia? Answer: Robert E Lee
Question: The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral took place in which city? Answer: Tombstone
Question: Which country is situated on the west coast of Africa between Ghana and Liberia? Answer: IVORY coast
Question: What was the title of the Janis Joplin album released in 1971, four months after her death? Answer: PEARL
Question: What is the most populated country in the world? Answer: CHINA
Question: What song has provided hit singles for the Rolling Stones, Melanie and Rod Stewart? Answer: RUBY Tuesday
Question: Which alloy is created using copper and tin? Answer: BRONZE
Question: Which 1989 film starred Julia Roberts and was mainly set in a beauty salon run by a character played by Dolly Parton? Answer: STEEL Magnolias
Question: The great fish moved silently through the night water, propelled by short sweeps of its crescent tail. Answer: Jaws
Question: Marley was dead to begin with Answer: A Christmas Carol
Question: Last night I dreamed I went to Mandalay again. Answer: Rebecca
Question: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. Answer: A Tale of Two Cities
Question: If you want to find Cherry Tree Lane, all you have to do is ask the policeman at the cross roads Answer: Mary Poppins
Question: Mr and Mrs Dursley of number four, privet Drive, were proud to say they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. Answer: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
Question: When shall we three meet again, in thunder, lightning or in rain Answer: Macbeth
Question: What is the name of the snake killing mongoose in the stories by Rudyard Kipling? Answer: Riki Tiki Tavi
Question: How many sheets of paper are there in one ream? Answer: 500
Question: How many metres are there in a mile? 1609, 1659 or 1709? Answer: 1609
Question: According to the Bible, who was 969 years old when he died? Answer: Methuselah
Question: What is the largest planet in our universe? Answer: Jupiter
Question: By what name is Reginald Dwight better known? Answer: Elton John
Question: Which golfer is nicknamed The Great White Shark'? Answer: Greg Norman
Question: The Sharks are a British Basketball team currently playing in the British Basketball League. In which city are they based? Answer: Sheffield
Question: In the 2004 CGI film Shark Tale, which actor provides the voice for the main character, Oscar? Answer: Will Smith
Question: What is measured with a Snodgrass grathodynamometer? Answer: The strength of shark bites
Question: What are the two gangs in the musical West Side Story? Answer: The Sharks and the Jets
Question: What sport do the Orlando Sharks play? Answer: (Indoor) Soccer
Question: The 1993 movie Free Willy was centred around what type of animal? Answer: Killer Whale (Orca).
Question: Steamboat Willie was a 1928 Walt Disney cartoon with Mickey Mouse, but the title was a parody of Steamboat Bill Jr, a full length silent comedy of the same year which starred which famous deadpan comedy great? Answer: Buster Keaton
Question: In the 1971 movie Charlie And The Chocolate Factory, Willy Wonka is played by Gene Wilder. Who plays him in the 2005 film Charlie And The Chocolate Factory? Answer: Johnny Depp
Question: In which TV series would you find the character Groundskeeper Willy? Answer: The Simpsons
Question: What sort of animal was World Cup Willie, the mascot for the 1966 World Cup? Answer: A lion
Question: What is the surname of the jockey with the first name Willy who won the Kentucky Derby four times? Answer: Shoemaker
Question: Which Willy wrote the plays Educating Rita and Shirley Valentine? Answer: Willy Russell
Question: Willie John McBride is a name associated with which sport? Answer: Rugby Union
Question: Which chemical element has the lowest boiling point? Answer: Helium
Question: Which element is associated with old lace? Answer: Arsenic
Question: Which element is most common in the human body? Answer: Oxygen 65%
Question: Which element, formed when seawater comes into contact with electricity, was responsible for the death of many Submariners during the Second World War? Answer: Chlorine
Question: Which element is the best conductor of electricity? Answer: Silver
Question: Which element has the chemical symbol S? Answer: Sulpher
Question: How is DiHydrogen Oxide better known? Answer: Water
Question: Which two elements would you find at the centre of the Earth? Answer: Iron and Nickel
Question: Which element was known as the King of Metals? Answer: Gold
Question: Mary Phelps Jacob designed which item of clothing in 1914? Answer: The Bra
Question: Born in Gibraltar, which designer was named British Designer of the Year in 1987, 1994 and 1995? Answer: John Galliano
Question: What is the name of Vivienne Westwood's clothes shop at 430 King's Road where she sells her Anglomania label? Answer: World's End
Question: Which pop singer has had perfumes called Curious, Fantasy, Midnight Fantasy, Hidden Fantasy  and Circus Fantasy? Answer: Britney Spears
Question: Which Canadian model dated french goalkeeper Fabien Barthez and has appeared in the music videos for George Michael's songs Freedom '90 and Too Funky? Answer: Linda Evangelista
Question: In which country was designer Oscar de la Renta born? Answer: The Dominican Republic
Question: In which TV series might Lieutenant Green say Spectrum is green? Answer: Captain Scarlet
Question: The Green Bay Packers play which sport? Answer: American football
Question: Eva Green played Bond girl Vesper Lynd in which film? Answer: Casino Royale
Question: Green Green Grass Of Home was a UK number one hit single for which singer? Answer: Tom Jones
Question: Greenland is an autonomous constituant country within which European kingdom? Answer: Denmark
Question: In Monopoly, the green coloured properties are Regent Street, Oxford Street and what else? Answer: Bond Street
Question: Which Shakespeare refers to jealousy as the green eyed monster? Answer: Othello
Question: What was the title of Doctor And The Medics only number one hit single? Answer: Spirit In The Sky
Question: Who wrote Dr Finlay's Casebook? Answer: AJ Cronin
Question: Which part of your body would a dermatologist be interested in? Answer: Skin
Question: In 1967, Louis Washkansky became the first person to receive what? Answer: A human heart transplant
Question: Which famous Italian sportsman is nicknamed the doctor? Answer: Valentino Rossi
Question: On which Beatles album does the song Dr Robert appear? Answer: Revolver
Question: The Bicycle manufacturers Trek, Giant and Specialized come from which country ? Answer: U.S.A.
Question: Which throwing event does not feature in the Decathlon ? Answer: Hammer
Question: Which car manufacturer did Colin McRae win his first WRC title ? Answer: Subaru
Question: Which county did WG grace play cricket for ? Answer: Gloucester
Question: Which golfer has won the most PGA tour titles ? Answer: Sam Snead
Question: Which presenter was sacked in 1999 following media reports that he had taken cocaine? Answer: Richard Bacon
Question: Who wrote and performed the signature tune from 1979 to 1989. Answer: Mike Oldfield.
Question: In 2007, contoversy surrounded the naming of a new pet, when "Cookie" was the most popular vote, but staff chose "Socks" instead. What was the animal? Answer: A kitten.
Question: Anthea Turner presented Blue Peter in 1992. She is currently married to Grant Bovey, but she was first married to a Radio 1 DJ from 1990-98. Who was he? Answer: Peter Powell
Question: Which artist originally designed the logo and badge, and appeared on numerous other children's TV programmes until 2001. Answer: Tony Hart.
Question: What word can be a noun meaning an employer or supervisor, an adjective meaning first-rate or top notch and the name of a guitar effects pedal manufacturer? Answer: Boss
Question: Which golfer, born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, finished 3rd at the US Open in 2008? Answer: Lee Westwood
Question: Which singer rose to fame as a member of the boy band Dream Street before voicing Theodore in the Chimpunks movies? Answer: Jesse McCartney
Question: What was the primary tank used by the United States in World War 2? Answer: M4 Sherman
Question: In Harry Enfield's Kevin the teenager sketches, what is the name of Kevin's best friend, played by Kathy Burke? Answer: Perry
Question: Who played guitar for Genesis from 1970 to 1977, before going on to form Supergroup GTR with Steve Howe from Yes? Answer: Steve Hackett
Question: What is the name given to the fur of a polecat? Answer: Fitch
Question: Chelsea won the 2009 FA Cup final 2-1.  Who were the beaten finalists? Answer: Everton
Question: Who win Celebrity Big Brother in 2009? Answer: Ulrika Jonsson
Question: Where was the first Ashes test of 2009 played? Answer: Cardiff
Question: In which round of Wimbledon in 2009 was Andy Murray knocked out? Answer: Semi Final
Question: Who was elected as the Speaker of the House of Commons following the resignation of Michael Martin in June 2009? Answer: John Bercow
Question: Barack Obama was sworn in as Us President on 20 January 2009.  Who was sworn in as Vice President? Answer: Joe Biden
Question: In which month of 2009 did Michael Jackson die? Answer: June
Question: What is couscous made from? Answer: Semolina
Question: Claret wine is produced in the region surrounding which French city? Answer: Bordeaux
Question: What type of food is focaccia? Answer: (Italian) bread
Question: What is the predominant flavour of fennel? Answer: Aniseed
Question: Which spirit is used in a Daiquiri cocktail? Answer: Dark rum
Question: In the kitchen, what would a mandolin be used for? Answer: Slicing
Question: What is the dish of stuffed vine leaves called? Answer: Dolmas
Question: What type of meat is used in moussaka? Answer: Lamb
Question: Which weekday TV programme is hosted by Adrian Chiles and Christine Bleakely? Answer: The One Show
Question: Which group sung the 1997 Eurovision Song Contest winning Love Shine A Light? Answer: Katrina and the Waves
Question: Located in Yorkshire, what are Drax and Eggborough? Answer: Power Stations
Question: What was the profession of Blackbeard, who operated in the Caribbean Sea in the 18th Century? Answer: Pirate
Question: Which country is bordered by France, Belgium and Germany? Answer: Luxembourg
Question: How many times has Italy won the soccer World Cup? Answer: Four
Question: In the first series of the Esure Insurance TV adverts, Michael Winner's famous quote was Calm down dear, it's only a what? Answer: Commercial
Question: Who had a hit in 1967 with The Last Waltz? Answer: Engelbert Humperdinck
Question: In 1958, King Faisal ll was murdered at 23 years old. He was the last King of which country? Answer: Iraq
Question: In May 2009, Millvina Dean died aged 97. She was the last survivor of which historic event? Answer: The sinking of the Titanic
Question: Who starred as Hawkeye in the 1992 film Last Of The Mohicans? Answer: Daniel Day-Lewis
Question: Who was the last surviving member of the Rat Pack, who died October 2007? Answer: Joey Bishop
Question: December 1991 saw the last commercial flight of which international airline? Answer: Pan Am
Question: Who writes Last Of The Summer Wine? Answer: Roy Clarke
Question: The last British Governor of Hong Kong, Chris Patten, stepped down in 1997, but which country stood down in the neighbouring island of Macau 2 years later? Answer: Portugal
Question: Who starred as the Last Action Hero? Answer: Arnold Schwarzenegger
Question: What was his name of the last surviving British veteran of World War I, who died in July 2009 at the age of 111? Answer: Harry Patch
Question: In what year was the winter Olympics held for the first time so as not to coincide with the summer Olympics? Answer: 1994
Question: Which way do long track speed skaters skate round the rink, clockwise or anti clockwise? Answer: Anti clockwise
Question: What was the title of the music used by Torvill & Dean for their free dance at the 1994 Lillehammer games? Answer: Lets face the music and dance
Question: What size is an Olympic sized ice rink used for figure skating and ice hockey? Is it 25x50 metres, 27.5x50 metres, or 30x60 metres? Answer: 30x60 metres
Question: Which country will host the 2014 winter Olympics? Answer: Russia
Question: Who said Either this guy's dead or my watch has stopped? Answer: Groucho Marx
Question: Which metal do you get from Hematite? Answer: Iron
Question: Augusta is the state capital of which US state? Answer: Maine
Question: In the oringinal Star Trek what was Captain James Kirk's middle name? Answer: Tiberius
Question: Who was Captain of the Titanic on her maiden voyage? Answer: Edward J. Smith
Question: Name the two female characters in Scooby Doo? Answer: Daphne and Velma
Question: Margarita Cansino is the real name of which actress, born in 1918? Answer: Rita Hayworth
Question: In the film `Who Framed Roger Rabbit`, what is the first name of Roger`s wife? Answer: Jessica
Question: Who sung the theme tune for the film `Goldeneye`? Answer: Tina Turner
Question: Who is the current Chancellor of Germany? Answer: Angela Merkel
Question: Bill Clinton was in trouble for "not having sexual relations with that woman" - who was that woman? Answer: Monica Lewinsky
Question: Which actress starred in Speed? Answer: Sandra Bullock
Question: What is the title of the UK hit song originally by The Tokens & later by Tight Fit? Answer: The Lion Sleeps Tonight
Question: Which American golfer wore a red shirt during the final round of tournaments, a link to his college days at Stanford and a colour he believes symbolizes aggression and assertiveness? Answer: Tiger Woods
Question: What bird is the national symbol of the USA? Answer: Bald Eagle
Question: What species of wasp can reach up to 55 mm (2.2 in) in length? Answer: Hornet
Question: Which singer/songwriter was married to record producer & songwriter Tony Hatch? Answer: Jackie Trent
Question: Which football club became the first in the 20th century to achieve the League and FA Cup Double, winning both competitions in the 196061 season? Answer: Tottenham Hotspur
Question: On TV, who played the long suffering wife of Alf Garnett in Till Death Us Do Part? Answer: Dandy Nichols
Question: Which popular puppet show of the 80s and 90s specialised in political satire? Answer: Spitting Image.
Question: Which hand puppet would you associate with Shari Lewis? Answer: Lamb chop.
Question: Who was Dr Bunsen Honeydew's Muppet assistant, who seemed to get the worst of their experiments? Answer: Beaker.
Question: Wayland Flowers was an American puppeteer, who had an outragious satirical old woman puppet, aimed at an adult audience, who would be dressed in evening attire and diamonds. Name her. Answer: Madame.
Question: Who originally devised and presented Sooty on TV in the 1950s? Answer: Harry Corbett.
Question: According to the nursery rhyme Jack And Jill, Jack bound his head with which two items? Answer: Vinegar and brown paper
Question: Which bands albums include The Works, The Miracle and Made In Heaven? Answer: Queen
Question: What is the name of the base that the puppets of International Rescue use? Answer: Tracy Island
Question: What make of gun did Clint Eastwood use in the Dirty Harry films? Answer: Magnum
Question: By what name is Stanley Burrell better known in the music world? Answer: MC Hammer
Question: Who presented the National Lottery quiz show Jet Set? Answer: Eamonn Holmes
Question: Which two brothers had hits with Cathy's Clown and Wake Up Little Susie? Answer: The Everley Brothers
Question: What are the first names of the two Wild West outlaws who were in the James-Younger gang? Answer: Jesse and Frank James
Question: Who are the brothers credited with building the world's first successful airplane? Answer: The Wright Brothers
Question: Which two brothers appeared together in the 1996 FA Cup playing for Manchester United? Answer: Gary and Phil Neville
Question: German Brothers Wilhelm and Jacob wrote which book in 1812? Answer: Grimms Fairy Tales
Question: What is surname of the singing brothers - Alan, Wayne, Merrill, Jay, Donny and Jimmy? Answer: Osmond
Question: Which two Lincolnshire brothers are attributed with the Methodist movement? Answer: John and Charles Wesley
Question: What is the name of the author of the Sherlock Holmes books? Answer: Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Question: What is Sherlock Holmes' exact address? Answer: 221b Baker Street
Question: In which magazine were the Sherlock Holmes mysteries first published? Answer: The Strand
Question: What is the name of Sherlock Holmes' most notorious arch enemy? Answer: Professor James Moriarty
Question: What is the name of Sherlock Holmes' brother? Answer: Mycroft
Question: What phrase, commonly associated with Holmes, does not actually appear in any of the books? Answer: Elementary, my dear Watson
Question: The Danube flows into which Sea? Answer: Black Sea
Question: The Amazon flows through how many countries? Answer: Seven
Question: The Indus predominately flows through which country? Answer: Pakistan
Question: Which major river empties into the Gulf of Guinea? Answer: Niger
Question: The Volga flows into which sea? Answer: Caspian Sea
Question: Which river originates in China and empties in the South China Sea? Answer: The Mekong
Question: Which river originates in British Columbia, Canada, and empties into the Bering Sea Answer: The Yukon
Question: In which Arnold Schwarzenegger movie does he fight an invisible alien creature? Answer: Predator.
Question: In which 2004 animated Pixar movie does Violet have powers of invisibility? Answer: The Incredibles.
Question: In which James Bond film does he drive an invisible car? Answer: Die Another Day.
Question: Which race had a cloaking device in Star Trek? Answer: Romulans.
Question: Alec Baldwin played which invisible superhero in a 1994 movie? Answer: The Shadow.
Question: Superhero Susan Storm had powers of invisibility. Of which group was she a member? Answer: Fantastic Four.
Question: The 1975 TV series The Invisible Man starred which actor, who also appeared in Colditz in the same year? Answer: David McCallum.
Question: In which 2000 science fiction film did Kevin Bacon become invisible? Answer: Hollow Man.
Question: Rodney Skinner was an invisible thief in which 2003 superhero movie? Answer: The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.
Question: What is the name of Charlie Brown's dog? Answer: Snoopy.
Question: What is the name of the dog in The Simpsons? Answer: Santas Little Helper.
Question: What was the name of the 1963 Disney live action movie, where 3 animals ventured to get themselves home? Answer: The Incredible Journey.
Question: What was the name of Robbie Jackson's dog in Eastenders? Answer: Wellard.
Question: What was the name of the dog in Enid Blighton's Famous Five books? Answer: Timmy.
Question: In 1992 Neil Kinnock lost the general election and was replaced as leader of the Labour party by whom? Answer: John Smith
Question: Having returned from a four nation summit in Guadeloupe during the winter of January 1979, who was responsible for the Sun headline 'Crisis, what crisis?'? Answer: James Callaghan
Question: Churchill went to the country in the summer of 1945 but was defeated by which Labour leader? Answer: Clement Atlee
Question: Satchi and Satchi were responsible for the 1979 Conservative advertising campaign. The most famous poster being of a line of people queing at the job centre, with what famous strap line? Answer: Labour isn't Working
Question: Before going on to win the 1964 election, who made the 'white heat of technology' speech to their party conference? Answer: Harold Wilson
Question: Which olympic cyclist was nicknamed The Flying Scotsman Answer: Graeme Obree
Question: Which former World Darts Champion was given the nickname 'The Bronze Adonis'? Answer: Steve Beaton
Question: Which Golfer is known as 'Mrs Doubtfire'? Answer: Colin Montgomerie
Question: Which Boxer was known as 'The Brockton Blockbuster' Answer: Rocky Marciano
Question: Which olympic swimmer was known as 'Eric the Eel'? Answer: Eric Moussambani
Question: Which footballer was given the name 'El Pibe de Oro' (The Golden Boy)? Answer: Diego Maradona
Question: Willie John McBride is associated with which sport? Answer: Rugby Union
Question: What type of animal was World Cup Willie, the 1966 Football World Cup mascot? Answer: Lion
Question: In which TV show would you find the character Groundskeeper Willie? Answer: The Simpsons
Question: Which band had a UK number four hit in June 1972 with Little Willy? Answer: The Sweet
Question: Which Willie, satirist and co-founder of Private Eye, died on 11th December 1996? Answer: Willie Rushton
Question: In the 1971 film Willy Wonka was played by Gene Wilder, but who played him in the 2005 re-make Charlie And The Chocolate Facory? Answer: Johnny Depp
Question: Which Guns n Roses song from the album Appetite For Destruction begins: Your daddy works in porno now that mommy's not around. She used to love her heroin but now she's underground? Answer: My Michelle
Question: Which 1986 Alan Clarke film is about 2 teenage babysiters from Bradford who have an affair with a married man? Answer: Rita Sue and Bob Too
Question: Which singer was backed by The Vandellas? Answer: Martha Reeves
Question: Which ex-comic is married to Billy Connolly? Answer: Pamela Stephenson
Question: In the tv show Charmed, what was the name of the eldest sister (played by Shannen Doherty) who was killed off at the end of Season 3? Answer: Prue Halliwell
Question: Who was married to Spandau Ballet's Gary Kemp and later to Jude Law? Answer: Sadie Frost
Question: What name is given to any work of religious art which depicts the baby Jesus with his mother? Answer: Madonna and Child
Question: How many episodes of Only Fools and Horses were there? a. 65 b. 85 c. 105 d. 125 Answer: a. 65
Question: Fawlty Towers was supposedly set in which seaside town? Answer: Torquay
Question: What name was given to the spin-off off the comedy series Porridge? Answer: Going Straight
Question: Who played the part of Compo in Last Of The Summer Wine? Answer: Bill Owen
Question: Bill Pertwee played which character in Dads Army? Answer: Warden Hodges
Question: What do Australians call a dry stream bed that fills with water when it rains? Answer: Billabong
Question: On which river does Balmoral Castle stand? Answer: River Dee
Question: Where would you be stood if you were at zero degrees latitude and zero degrees longitude? Answer: Atlantic Ocean
Question: n which country would you find both the rivers Oder and Vistula, which flow into the Baltic Sea? Answer: Poland
Question: What is the only US state which borders one other state only? Answer: Maine
Question: Winston Churchill's mother came from which country? Answer: USA
Question: Where was Napoleon Bonaparte born? Answer: Corsica
Question: In which country was the composer Chopin born? Answer: Poland
Question: In which country was Joseph Stalin born? Answer: Georgia
Question: Who was disparagingly known as that Austrian corporal? Answer: Adolf Hitler
Question: The Bee Gees are popularly credited as being from Australia, but on which island were they actually born? Answer: Isle of Man
Question: In which country was JRR Tolkien born? Answer: South Africa
Question: Mother Theresa was born in which country? Answer: Macedonia
Question: The 1918 pandemic was given what name? Answer: Spanish Flu
Question: What is the name of the dog that appears on His Masters Voice lables? Answer: Nipper
Question: Who owned the black labrador that was killed on the evening of the Dam Busters raid? Answer: Guy Gibson
Question: Blondi was a German Shepherd that belonged to whom? Answer: Adolf Hitler
Question: What is the name of the cat in the Homeward Bound movies? Answer: Sassy
Question: What is the name of the only book written by Anna Sewell? Answer: Black Beauty
Question: What is the name of Susan Boyle's cat? Answer: Pebbles
Question: What is the name of Tintin's wire haired terrier? Answer: Snowy
Question: What is the name of the lion in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer logo? Answer: Leo
Question: What is the name of the baboon/witch doctor from The Lion King? Answer: Rafiki
Question: Who was often heard to say "Stupid boy" in the series Dads Army? Answer: Captain Mainwaring
Question: What was the name of the character often used in the pictures in Roy Walker's programme "Catchphrase"? Answer: Mr Chips
Question: Which television character is well known for his catchphrase "D'oh"? Answer: Homer Simpson
Question: Which TV character was often heard to say "I pity the fool"? Answer: B A Baracus
Question: "You get nothing for a pair" was a Bruce Forsyth catchphrase in which programme? Answer: Play Your Cards Right
Question: Who was known for the catchphrase Bernie, ... the bolt? Answer: Bob Monkhouse
Question: What you talkin' about Willis was a catchphrase for the late Gary Coleman in which TV series? Answer: Diff'rent Strokes
Question: "He's fallen in the water," was a catchphrase from which radio show? Answer: The Goon Show
Question: Which wild-card won Wimbledon in 2001? Answer: Goran Ivanisevic
Question: What is the maximum number of ball girls or boys allowed on court at any one time? Answer: 6
Question: What is the total number of grass courts at Wimbledon? Answer: 19
Question: What nationality is Tomas Berdych, who defeated Roger Federer on his way to the final of the Men's Singles at Wimbledon in 2010? Answer: Czech
Question: Who partnered Jamie Murray when he won the mixed doubles title at Wimbledon in 2007? Answer: Jelena Jankovic
Question: Which player famously cried on the Duchess of Kent's shoulder after losing the final of the Ladies Singles at Wimbledon in 1993? Answer: Jana Novotna
Question: What was the name of Adam and the ants first album called? Answer: Dirk Wears White Sox
Question: Who sang the song Maniac from the movie Flashdance? Answer: Michael Sembello
Question: Ginger Baker was the drummer from which band? Answer: Cream
Question: What singers real name is Michael Barratt? Answer: Shakin Stevens
Question: Graham Nash from Crosby Stills and Nash was originally a member of which U.K. group? Answer: The Hollies
Question: What band consists of Gerard Way, Mikey Way, Ray Toro, Frank Iero and Bob Briar? Answer: My Chemical Romance
Question: By what name did Priscilla White find fame in the world of music? Answer: Cilla Black
Question: By what other name is Jonas Altberg better known? Answer: Basshunter
Question: Doctor Who's companion Leela went on to star in which soap? Answer: Eastenders
Question: What is the name of the Daleks home planet? Answer: Skaro
Question: Name the Doctor's robotic companion from the episode The Kings Demons? Answer: Kamelion
Question: Who played the first Doctor? Answer: William Hartnell
Question: Which singer/comedien appeared in a Doctor Who film? Answer: Bernard Cribbens
Question: The Lord of the Rings was written as a sequel to which book? Answer: The Hobbit
Question: At the start of The Fellowship of the Ring, which birthday is Bilbo Baggins celebrating? Answer: 111th
Question: Gollum killed his brother for the One ring. What was his brother's name? Answer: Deagol
Question: Who changes colour during The Two Towers, from Grey to White? Answer: Gandalf
Question: Name the Ent who befriends Merry and Pippin in Fanghorn forest. Answer: Treebeard
Question: Who was the last woman to be executed for murder in the UK? Answer: Ruth Ellis
Question: Murderer Donald Neilson was otherwise known by what name? Answer: Black Panther
Question: Which notorious American serial killer defended himself in court in 1979? Answer: Ted Bundy
Question: Which nurse was called the Angel of Death after murdering 4 children in 1991? Answer: Beverley Allitt
Question: Which British serial killer was played by Richard Attenborough in a 1971 movie? Answer: John Christie
Question: What alias was used by Robert LeRoy Parker? Answer: Butch Cassidy
Question: Betty Driver played which role in Coronation Street? Answer: Betty Williams
Question: Which fictional character drove a white Volvo P1800? Answer: The Saint
Question: Minnie Driver was nominated for an Academy Award for her role in Good Will Hunting in 1997, but who played the title role? Answer: Matt Damon
Question: What is the surname of the only Russian F1 driver in the 2010 season? Answer: (Vitaly) Petrov
Question: In the movie Taxi Driver, who played child prostitute Iris? Answer: Jodie Foster
Question: Thomas Watkins was a fictitious driver who appeared in which popular period drama of the mid 1970s. Answer: Upstairs Downstairs
Question: Who drove the `Cannonball Express` in a 1958 TV children's programme? Answer: Casey Jones
Question: The mandible and maxilla make up which part of the body? Answer: Jaw
Question: Which standard unit of energy can be defined as the work required to continuously produce one watt of power for one second? Answer: Joule
Question: Which romantic film directed by David Lean is set in World War 2 and based in and around Milford railway station? Answer: Brief Encounter
Question: In which year was the German battleship The Bismarck sunk by the Royal Navy? Answer: 1941
Question: Springfield is the home of the Simpsons, and is also the real-life capital of which US State? Answer: Illinois
Question: Which World Champion darts player has the nickname Darth Maple Answer: John Part
Question: When the musical Chicago won the Best Picture Oscar in 2002 it was the 1st musical to do so since which 1968 film? Answer: Oliver!
Question: Which Canadian province consists of an island and a length of coastline, both of which have a breed of dog named after them? Answer: Newfoundland
Question: Which Mexican dish which translates as little donkey is based around folded soft tortillas and is now a favourite breakfast dish in the USA? Answer: Burrito
Question: David Day and Thereze Bazar had hits in the 1980s under what name? Answer: Dollar
Question: Which word was introduced on coins in 1971 before being dropped in 1982? Answer: New
Question: In the world of 80's soap operas which street had the postcode L43 6TZ? Answer: Brookside Close
Question: What nationality was the inventor of the Rubik's Cube? Answer: Hungarian
Question: Which General became the 18th US President after leading the Union Army to victory in the Civil War? Answer: Ulysses S Grant
Question: The 1927 movie The General starred which actor? Answer: Buster Keaton
Question: Which US General, nicknamed "Stormin'" was commander of the coalition forces in the Gulf War of 1991? Answer: Gen Norman Schwarzkopf.
Question: Which British submarine sunk the General Belgrano during the Falklands War in 1982? Answer: HMS Conqueror.
Question: Who was General Secretary of the Transport and General Workers' Union from 1992 to 2003, and the first black leader of a British trade union? Answer: Bill Morris.
Question: The General Synod is the legislative body of the Church of England, instituted in 1970. By what name was this body known prior to 1970? Answer: The Church Assembly.
Question: In Worzel Gummidge, who played the character of Aunty Sally? Answer: Una Stubbs
Question: What cartoon series featured a character called Little My? Answer: The Moomins
Question: Who created and wrote the TV series Maid Marian And Her Merry Men? Answer: Tony Robinson
Question: The cartoon series Dogtanian And The Three Muskehounds was based on a book by which author? Answer: Alexandre Dumas
Question: In the TV show The Flumps, how many Flumps where there? Answer: 6
Question: What sport did Jossie's Giants play? Answer: Football
Question: What is the most popular cheese to be produced and consumed in Greece? Answer: Feta
Question: Which country produces Leerdammer cheese? Answer: Netherlands.
Question: "Caravane" is the brand name of a cheese produced in Mauritania. From which animal is the milk taken? Answer: Camel.
Question: Which writer and comedian had a family name Cheese, but his father changed it in 1915? Answer: John Cleese.
Question: Peter was the first Pope but who was the second? Answer: Pope Linus
Question: What is Benedict XVI 's real name? Answer: Joseph Ratzinger.
Question: In which area of Germany was he born and raised? Answer: Bavaria
Question: True or False. Pope Adrian the 2nd was the last married Pope? Answer: True
Question: When looking at a list of Popes, you will sometimes see the letters O.S.B. following a name. What does this mean? Answer: Order of Saint Benedict.
Question: How many lions guard Nelson's Column? Answer: Four
Question: Which is the busiest London Underground Station? Answer: Victoria
Question: Fenchurch Street, Liverpool Street, Kings Cross,... what completes this set? Answer: Marylebone
Question: Which author gave the copyright of the Peter Pan works to Great Ormond Street Hospital? Answer: J M Barrie
Question: Who did Michael Fagan famously wake up in London in July 1982? Answer: The Queen
Question: Name the actors who played Batman and Robin in the 60s. Answer: Adam West and Burt Ward
Question: In which TV show would you find a group of freedom fighters in their spaceship called the Liberator? Answer: Blakes 7
Question: What was the number given to Patrick McGoohan in the TV series The Prisoner? Answer: Number 6
Question: In Star Trek, by what nickname is Dr Leonard McCoy better known? Answer: Bones
Question: In Buffy The Vampire Slayer, what is Buffy's surname? Answer: Summers
Question: What was the name of the Bionic Man? Answer: Steve Austin
Question: In The X-files, what is the name of Mulder and Skully's assistant director? Answer: Walter Skinner
Question: In The Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy, what was the name of the best drink in existence? Answer: The pan-galactic gargle blaster
Question: "One" is a popular song in which stage musical and movie of the same name. Answer: Chorus Line.
Question: In the 1986 comedy movie The Three Amigos, who starred alongside Steve Martin and Chevy Chase in the title roles. Answer: Martin Short.
Question: The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are described in the Book of Revelations as representing Death, War, Famine, and Conquest, but Conquest has been changed in modern times. By what name is it more commonly known? Answer: Pestilence.
Question: In which year was the Six Day War fought between Israel, Egypt, Syria and Jordan. Answer: 1967
Question: In the 1995 movie thriller Seven, who played the serial killer. Answer: Kevin Spacey
Question: In the lyrics of the Twelve Days of Christmas, what are there nine of? Answer: Ladies Dancing
Question: The 1956 movie the Ten Commandments starred Charlton Heston as Moses, but which Hollywood star played his adopted brother Rameses II. Answer: Yul Brynner
Question: Which James Bond film was the first to be given a non PG rating by the British Board of Film Classification? Answer: License to Kill
Question: Which Actor to play James Bond is the only one mentioned in text by Ian Flemming? Answer: David Niven
Question: Which James Bond Theme was the first to be nominated for an academy award for best original song? Answer: Live and let die
Question: How many James Bond Themes did Dame Shirley Bassey Perform? Answer: Three
Question: With the Exception of the reccuring featured cast who has appeared in the most James Bond films? Answer: Shane Rimmer
Question: How many Bond Films did Joe Don Baker appear in? Answer: 3
Question: How many actors in the James Bond Films have played both a good guy and a Bad Guy? Answer: Three
Question: Name the BBC sequel to Till Death Us Do Part. Answer: In Sickness and in Health
Question: How many episodes of Fawlty Towers were made?. Answer: 12
Question: Which legndary  sports commentator presented ITV's The Big Match?. Answer: Brian Moore
Question: what was the name of the cow in The Magic Roundabout?. Answer: Ermintrude
Question: Windsor Davies played which character in It Ain't Half Hot Mum?. Answer: Sergeant Major Shut Up Williams
Question: the Naked Civil Servant starred which character?. Answer: Quentin Crisp
Question: Which comedian was born Charles Edward Springall? Answer: Charlie Drake
Question: In cricket, if you are out without scoring, what is it called? Answer: Duck
Question: Who was prime minister of Britain from 1970 to 1974? Answer: Edward Heath
Question: Who became the Chief Executive of the Professional Footballers' Association in 1981, and is reputed to be the highest paid union official in the world? Answer: Gordon Taylor
Question: Which singer songwriter's new album is called Some Kind Of Trouble'. He made his name with his debut album Back to Bedlam' in 2005? Answer: James Blunt
Question: . Bill Waddington played which Coronation Street character? Answer: Percy Sugden
Question: Which ex Gaiety Girl was managing director of Aintree from 1958 to 1973? Answer: Mirabel Topham
Question: Which award-winning English actor has appeared in over 60 films since his debut in 1962. His major roles include butterfly collector Freddie Clegg in The Collector Answer: Terence Stamp
Question: What is another name for a Scottish church? Answer: A Kirk
Question: What 2002 novel by Alice Sebold, is the story of a teenage girl who, after being murdered, watches from heaven as her family and friends struggle to move on with their lives while she comes to terms with her own death. Answer: The Lovely Bones
Question: The Aberdeen Terrier is better known as what type of dog? Answer: Scotty dog
Question: What was the name of the Russian short-story writer, playwright and physician, considered to be one of the greatest short-story writers in the history of world literature? Answer: Anton Chekhov
Question: What was the name of the American pediatrician whose book Baby and Child Care, was published in 1946? Answer: Benjamin Spock
Question: Which village in Essex  which sits on the River Colne, is famous for its Victorian viaduct that crosses the Colne valley Answer: Chappel
Question: Who was the Roman god of fire? Answer: Vulcan
Question: What was the nickname of the H4 Hercules flying boat, that never went into production after it's maiden flight due to post war cutbacks in 1947. Answer: The Spruce Goose
Question: Flying Down to Rio is a 1933 movie that saw the first screen pairing of which partnership. Answer: Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.
Question: Which group had a hit with Flying Without Wings in 1999 Answer: Westlife
Question: In which town was the Flying Scotsman locomotove manufactured in 1956. Answer: Doncaster
Question: Which member of Monty Python's Flying Circus was largely responsible for the animation, including the giant foot in the show's opening sequence. Answer: Terry Gilliam
Question: What is the correct name for the "Flying Lady" ornament on a Rolls Royce radiator. Answer: The Spirit of Ecstasy.
Question: The Flying Wallendas were a circus act and daredevil stunt performers with Barnum & Bailey for 40 years, and Karl Wallenda was known for high wire performances. From which country did they originate. Answer: Germany
Question: What is the name of the victim in 'Cluedo'? Answer: Dr Black
Question: What is the only UK monopoly property which contains all of the letters in the word 'monopoly' in its name? Answer: Electric Company
Question: How many white squares are there on a chess board? Answer: 32
Question: Which game, introduced in the 1980's and still available today involved guiding a metal ball around an obstacle course? Answer: Screwball Scramble
Question: How many rooms are there in 'Cluedo'? Answer: 9
Question: Who were the last act to win the Eurovision Song Contest for the UK? Answer: Katrina And The Waves
Question: What is the musical term for one or more vocalists performing without an accompaniment? Answer: A Cappella
Question: What is the smallest woodwind instrument in an orchestra? Answer: Piccolo
Question: Which phrase links the title of an Oasis album and a British coin? Answer: Standing On The Shoulders Of Giants
Question: In which year did The Beatles officially split? Answer: 1970
Question: Who was the biggest-selling female solo artist of the 1990's in the USA? Answer: Mariah Carey
Question: In 1976, which song was knocked off the number one spot by another song, the title of which is mentioned in its own lyrics? Answer: Bohemian Rhapsody
Question: A 'smack' is the collective noun for a group of which marine creatures? Answer: Jellyfish
Question: Which organ of the human body is affected by Hepatitis? Answer: Liver
Question: How many muscles are there in a human finger? Answer: None
Question: What is the third largest planet in the Solar System? Answer: Uranus
Question: Where in the human body would you find the thinnest skin? Answer: Eyelids
Question: A 'troubling' is the collective noun for a group of which household pets? Answer: Goldfish
Question: Which part of the male does a female mantis usually bite off during mating? Answer: Head
Question: What is the more common name of the medical condition 'Diplopia'? Answer: Double-vision
Question: Which P.M was voted pipe smoker of the year? Answer: Harold Wilson
Question: Who was the first P.M? Answer: Robert Walpole
Question: Who was P.M at the time of the profumo affair? Answer: Harold MacMillan
Question: Who is the only P.M to have been assassinated? Answer: Spencer Percival
Question: Which British actor starred in the 1975 movie Paper Tiger Answer: David Niven
Question: How many pieces of paper make up a Quire. Answer: 25
Question: How many Quires make up a Ream Answer: 20
Question: On which horse did Tony McCoy win the 2010 Grand National on his 15th attempt? Answer: Don't Push It
Question: Which team won the  Aviva Premiership (rugby union) in 2009/10? Answer: Leicester Tigers
Question: Who won the 2010 French Open Women's Singles final in June? Answer: Francesca Schiavone
Question: Which team won Super Bowl XLIV in February 2010? Answer: New Orleans Saints
Question: Which Red Bull driver was Formula One 2010 World Champion? Answer: Sebastian Vettel
Question: Who was the 2010 MotoGP champion? Answer: Jorge Lorenzo
Question: Who replaced David Tennant as Doctor Who in January? Answer: Matt Smith
Question: In April, the BBC announced that who would be replacing Adrian Chiles on the One Show for Fridays, which ultimately led to him quitting the BBC for a four-year deal with ITV? Answer: Chris Evans
Question: Which singer was given an eight-week sentence for crashing his car into a branch of photographic store Snappy Snaps while under the influence of cannabis in July. Answer: George Michael
Question: On which Australian TV show in September, was the wrong winner accidentally announced during its live final? Answer: Australia's Next Top Model
Question: In November, which film (full title) broke UK box office records; Biggest 3-day opening, biggest single day in ticket sales and biggest Friday, Saturday & Sunday openings? Answer: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1
Question: Haggis is a national delicacy of which country? Answer: Scotland
Question: Madeira Wine is a product of which country? Answer: Portugal
Question: In which country did chop suey originate? Answer: U.S.A
Question: Red Stripe beer comes from which country? Answer: Jamaica
Question: From which country does Stella Artois come? Answer: Belgium
Question: Who was the first woman in the Bible? Answer: Eve
Question: Athlete Florence Griffith Joyner was commonly known by what nickname? Answer: Flo Jo
Question: Who was the first female governor of Alaska? Answer: Sarah Palin
Question: The Edward and Mrs Simpson affair rocked the world in 1936. What was the first name of Mrs Simpson? Answer: Wallis
Question: What is the name of the Peter Griffin's wife in Family Guy? Answer: Lois
Question: Which actress has won more Best Actress Oscars than anyone else? Answer: Katherine Hepburn
Question: In Greek mythology, who was the mother of Oedipus? Answer: Jocasta
Question: Who was lead singer of The Bangles? Answer: Susanna Hoffs
Question: Which US President was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth? Answer: Abraham Lincoln
Question: Who was assassinated on the Ides of March? Answer: Julius Caesar
Question: According to William Shakespeare, who killed Duncan? Answer: Macbeth
Question: Which ex-Prime Minister of Pakistan was assassinated in December 2007? Answer: Benazir Bhutto
Question: Which war hero and escapee from Colditz was assassinated in 1979? Answer: Airey Neave
Question: Who shot and killed Lee Harvey Oswald? Answer: Jack Ruby
Question: The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria caused what cataclysmic world event? Answer: The First World War
Question: Andrey Lugovoy is wanted by British police on suspicion of the murder of whom? Answer: Alexander Litvinenko
Question: Which famous person did Mark Chapman kill in December 1980? Answer: John Lennon
Question: Which famous TV cowboy was played by Clayton Moore? Answer: The Lone Ranger
Question: What was the name of Butch Cassidy's gang? Answer: The Hole In The Wall Gang
Question: Who played the Ringo Kid in the film Stagecoach? Answer: John Wayne
Question: Which real life law enforcer did Henry Fonda play in the film My Darling Clementine? Answer: Wyatt Earp
Question: In which American State did the Gunfight at the OK Corral take place? Answer: Arizona
Question: Known as Wild Bill, what were J. B. Hickok's real first names? Answer: James Butler
Question: Who played English Bob in the film Unforgiven? Answer: Richard Harris
Question: Which tribe did Crazy Horse lead? Answer: Sioux
Question: Which singer starred in 1970 film 'Gunfight'? Answer: Johnny Cash
Question: Alec Guinness played Sid Stratton in The Man in the White Suit' in a film made as part of which famous studio's comedy classics. Answer: Ealing
Question: What is the first bridge that the boats pass under in the Oxford - Cambridge boat race? Answer: Hammersmith
Question: What is the capital of Jamaica? Answer: Kingston
Question: New York is made up of five boroughs - Manhattan, Staten Island, Brooklyn, The Bronx and which other? Answer: Queens
Question: Of which regal title is Princess Anne the seventh holder? Answer: Princess Royal
Question: How many is there in a bakers dozen? Answer: 13
Question: No.617 RAF Sqaudron is better known as what? Answer: The Dambusters
Question: Who scored the first ever Golden Goal in the 1998 World Cup? Answer: Laurent Blanc
Question: What is the Capital City of Latvia? Answer: Riga
Question: Who was British Primeminister between 1880 - 1885? Answer: Benjamin Disraeli
Question: Gordon Sumner is better known as whom? Answer: Sting
Question: Who won the 2002 FA Cup? Answer: Arsenal
Question: What is the english translation of Carpe Diem? Answer: Seize the Day
Question: New York is made up of five districts, Manhattan, Richmond, Brooklyn, Bronx and which other? Answer: Queens
Question: Which European city has the highest mileage of canals in the world? Answer: Birmingham
Question: Which river forms much of the border between England and Scotland? Answer: Tweed
Question: In which European country is the city of Strasbourg? Answer: France
Question: What is the largest of the Greek islands? Answer: Crete
Question: In which country is Transylvania? Answer: Romania
Question: Which country do the Faroe Islands belong to? Answer: Denmark
Question: The name of which European capital city is derived from the names of two towns on either bank of its main river? Answer: Budapest
Question: What spirit is used to make Daquari? Answer: Rum
Question: Which country has the largest Malt Whisky distillery in the world? Answer: Japan
Question: What is the flavour of `Ouzo`? Answer: Aniseed
Question: Which evergreen tree's berries are used to flavour gin? Answer: Juniper
Question: From what fruit is the French cordial syrup of Grenadine made? Answer: Pomegranate
Question: What is added to tomato juice to make a Bloody Maria? Answer: Tequila
Question: Which Hollywood actor starred in 142 of his 153 films, having had more leading roles than any other actor. Answer: John Wayne
Question: Tom Cruise plays a naval lawyer in which 1992 film? Answer: A Few Good Men
Question: Who was the British actor who won an Oscar for his part in 'The Bridge over the River Kwai'? Answer: Sir Alec Guinness
Question: With which actor did John Travolta exchange faces in the movie Face Off? Answer: Nicholas Cage
Question: Who played Popeye in the movie of the same name? Answer: Robin Williams
Question: Dustin Hoffman played a character suffering from Autism in which Film? Answer: Rain Man
Question: Which film star has a statue in Leicester Square? Answer: Charlie Chaplin
Question: Which actress was in both the 60s and 90s versions of The Thomas Crown Affair? Answer: Faye Dunaway
Question: Who played the part of Annie Porter in the 2 Speed films? Answer: Sandra Bullock
Question: Which singer / actress played the character 'mayday' in the James bond film 'A view to a kill' Answer: Grace Jones
Question: Who played the title role in the film Shirley Valentine? Answer: pauline Collins
Question: Who was the first black woman to win a best actress Oscar? Answer: Halle Berry
Question: Who plays Lara Croft in the Tomb Raider movies? Answer: Angelina Jolie
Question: Who is Warren Beatty's famous sister? Answer: Shirley Maclaine
Question: Who won an Oscar for Best Actress for the film Sophie's Choice? Answer: Meryl Streep
Question: From which film does the saying ''Hasta la vista, baby" come? Answer: Terminator
Question: Which actress said: 'When I'm good I'm very good, but when I'm bad I'm better'? Answer: Mae West
Question: From which film comes the line 'Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me... aren't you?' Answer: The Graduate
Question: In which film would you hear the famous line That's not a knife - this is a knife? Answer: Crocodile Dundee
Question: Credits on all Bond films finish with which same four words? Answer: James Bond Will Return
Question: Which actress, upon splitting with her partner said, At least I can wear high heels now"? Answer: Nicole Kidman
Question: Which actor said My Mama always said, 'Life was like a box of chocolates; you never know what you're gonna get." Answer: Tom Hanks
Question: What is the anniversary gemstone for the 9th year of marriage? Answer: Tigers Eye.
Question: Currently based in Herzogenaurach, Germany, which major German multinational company  produces high-end athletic shoes? Answer: Puma.
Question: What material  is made primarily from the shell of the Hawksbill turtle? Answer: Tortoise Shell
Question: In the 70s series the Return of the Saint, what type of car did the title character drive? Answer: Jaguar XJS.
Question: Instrumental composition by Henry Mancini written as the theme for this 1963 film? Answer: The Pink Panther.
Question: Conjoined twins are also known as what? Answer: Siamese Twins
Question: What is the fourth book of the old testament? Answer: Numbers
Question: In 1982, who became the first poet to win a Pulitzer Prize posthumously? Answer: Sylvia Plath
Question: In which year did a terrorist group kill eleven hostages at the Olympic Games? Answer: 1972
Question: Which 1946 film was an adaptation of Raymond Chandler's crime novel of the same name? Answer: The Big Sleep
Question: Which influential German philosopher wrote 'Being and Time'? Answer: Martin Heidegger
Question: Which American society magazine merged into Vogue in 1936? Answer: Vanity Fair
Question: Who composed the opera 'Hnsel und Gretel'? Answer: Engelbert Humperdinck
Question: Which country is the largest producer of saffron? Answer: Iran
Question: In which American state is Area 51 located? Answer: Nevada
Question: What now stands on the site of the place of execution at Tyburn? Answer: Marble Arch
Question: What now stands on the site of the notorious Newgate prison? Answer: The Old Bailey
Question: Which London river, now flowing underground, rises at Finsbury Circus, flows through the City of London and enters the Thames by Cannon Street railway station? Answer: River Walbrook
Question: What was the name of the first prefabricated building that was erected on the medieval London Bridge in 1577? Answer: Nonsuch House
Question: What was the second bridge to be built over the Thames in London in 1750? Answer: Westminster Bridge
Question: The Crystal Palace was re-erected on which hill in South London after the Great Exhibition of 1851? Answer: Sydenham Hill
Question: Outside of which building in Whitehall was King Charles I executed? Answer: The Banqueting House
Question: The Panzer MK V in WWII was better known as? Answer: Panther tank
Question: During the English Civil War the Parliamentarians held London. In which city did the Royalists establish their rival capital? Answer: Oxford
Question: Which ancient, fierce warrior nation, upon attacking ancient Israel, . came down like a wolf on the fold'? Answer: The Assyrians
Question: At which naval battle in WWII did the Americans decisively defeat the Japanese Carrier Task Force? Answer: Battle of Midway
Question: In 1944 what was the name of the operation to take key bridges over major rivers in Holland by airborne and land force assaults? Answer: Market-Garden
Question: After which battle did the British Life Guards first obtain their breast-plates? Answer: Waterloo - from Napoleon's defeated Cuirassier's breast-plates
Question: The bombardment of which fort was the act which started the American Civil War? Answer: Fort Sumpter
Question: Which WWI battle occurred on a peninsular south of Istanbul in Turkey? Answer: Gallipoli
Question: What is the highest mountain in England? Answer: Scafell Pike
Question: Which city is known as the Granite City'? Answer: Aberdeen
Question: Aquae Sulis is the Roman name for which modern city? Answer: Bath
Question: Which range of hills in the west country has Cheddar Gorge and it's caves as well as Wookey Hole caves? Answer: The Mendip Hills
Question: What is the name of the extensive area of marshland on the south-east coast of Kent? Answer: Romney Marshes
Question: What is the name of the World Heritage Site on the coastline of Dorset and East Devon? Answer: The Jurassic Coast
Question: Which word, common in the South of England, describes a steep-sided river valley where the water flows through coastal cliffs to the sea? Answer: A chine
Question: What was the UK's earliest National Park? Answer: The Peak District
Question: Who played the title role in the movie Billy Elliot. Answer: Jamie Bell
Question: Which actress danced the twist with John Travolta in Pulp Fiction Answer: Uma Thurman
Question: Babs Lord (the tall blonde one in Pan's People) has been married to which English actor since 1975. Answer: Robert Powell
Question: Dame Marie Rambert founded her own dancing school in the 1920s, In which country was she born. Answer: Poland.
Question: James Arness played Marshall Matt Dillon in Gunsmoke. Who was his actor brother. Answer: Peter Graves
Question: What is the surname of the Chuckle brothers? Answer: Elliot.
Question: Who is the TV personality brother of radio presenter Janice Long? Answer: Keith Chegwin.
Question: Which of the Marx brothers never spoke on screen after his first appearance in 1925? Answer: Harpo.
Question: Cricketing brothers Ian & Greg Chappell have both captained Australia. A third Chappell brother has also played for his country, what is his name. Answer: Trevor
Question: In which city did IOC president Jacques Rogge announce London as the host of the 2012 Olympic Games? Answer: Singapore
Question: Which is the only position on a netball field designated with a single letter on the bib worn by each player? Answer: Centre
Question: On a cricket field which principal position is between Mid-on and Square leg? Answer: Mid-wicket
Question: If you box in a left handed stance is described as southpaw.  How is the stance of a right handed boxer usually described? Answer: Orthodox
Question: Which US city is host to teams called the Penguins in Ice Hockey and the Pirates in Baseball? Answer: Pittsburgh
Question: In which sport do you score 6 points for a goal and 1 point for a behind? Answer: Australian Rules Football
Question: Which town or city has a rugby league team called the Rams? Answer: Dewsbury
Question: Apart from Newcastle United, which other English Football League team plays their home matches at a ground called St James' Park? Answer: Exeter City
Question: Which 60s fashion icon gave it all up to run a hotel in Cornwall? Answer: Jean Shrimpton
Question: Who kept her face in a jar by the door? Answer: Eleanor Rigby
Question: Who was the first artistic director of the National Theatre, started at the Old Vic in 1963? Answer: Laurence Olivier
Question: Which long-running television programme started on the day after President Kennedy's assasination? Answer: Doctor Who
Question: The Beatles had an unbroken run of number one British singles from 1963 until, in March 1967, they were pushed into second place. By which singer? Answer: Engelbert Humperdinck
Question: Which British film from 1963 won four Oscars and was based on a novel first published in 1749? Answer: Tom Jones
Question: The Profumo affair is frequently blamed for bringing down the Conservative government in 1964. Who created the scandal by introducing John Profumo to Christine Keeler? Answer: Stephen Ward
Question: Which famous piece of music was commissioned for the reconsecration of Coventry Cathedral in 1962? Answer: The War Requiem
Question: The Biba boutiques were at the heart of swinging London and at one time had the highest turnover of any British retail company. Who founded and ran Biba? Answer: Barbara Hulanicki
Question: What is caused by the gravitational pull of the Moon and Sun on Earth? Answer: The tides
Question: In geology what is the term used for the layer between the Earth's crust and the core? Answer: The Mantle
Question: Which gas forms about 78% of the Earth's atmosphere? Answer: Nitrogen
Question: The lowest part of the Earth's atmosphere, where we live, is called what? Answer: The Troposphere
Question: What is the name of the effect that deflects winds and currents as a result of the Earth's rotation? Answer: The Coriolus Effect
Question: In the distant past what was the name given to the Super-Continent that made up the majority land mass of Earth? Answer: Pangaea
Question: What is the name for the study of Continental Drift? Answer: Plate Tectonics
Question: Cullen Skink is a hearty soup made with potatoes, onion and which fish? Answer: Smoked Haddock
Question: Which common kitchen herb is used in a Mojito? Answer: Mint
Question: Which fruit goes into the liqueur Kirsch? Answer: Cherry
Question: What is the main ingredient of Guacamole? Answer: Avocado
Question: Rigatoni is what type of Italian food? Answer: Pasta
Question: What is the name of the special Indian clay oven? Answer: A Tandoor
Question: The Harvey Wall Banger cocktail contain Vodka, orange juice and what else? Answer: Galliano
Question: Which chef presents 'Saturday Morning Kitchen' on TV? Answer: James Martin
Question: Which food dish is named after one of Napoleons famous victories? Answer: Chicken Marengo
Question: What alcoholic drink is made from molasses? Answer: Rum
Question: In Greek cuisine a vine or cabbage leaf with a savoury stuffing is called what? Answer: A Dolma
Question: What was the name of the cavalry regiment raised and trained by Oliver Cromwell in the English Civil War? Answer: The Ironsides
Question: William Howard Russell became famous as what during the Crimean War? Answer: War Correspondent
Question: The Bourbon dynasty began to rule which country from 1700 and still do? Answer: Spain
Question: What was abolished in Russia in 1861? Answer: Serfdom
Question: Near which city in Russia did the greatest tank battle of World War II take place in July 1943? Answer: Kursk
Question: At the battle of Ashdown, in A.D 871, the Danes were defeated by forces under which famous king? Answer: King Alfred
Question: What did Prince Albert, consort of Queen Victoria, die of? Answer: Typhoid
Question: Who was the first monarch of the House of Tudor? Answer: Henry VII
Question: Who crowned Napoleon as Emperor? Answer: He crowned himself
Question: Which World War II General was nicknamed The Desert Fox? Answer: General Erwin Rommel
Question: Which military battle saw eleven Victoria Crosses awarded, the most for any single action? Answer: Battle of Rorke's Drift
Question: Who was the English King at the Battle of Agincourt? Answer: Henry V
Question: Who were allied with the French Naval forces during The Battle of Trafalgar? Answer: Spain
Question: Who was the Supreme Allied Commander during the D Day landings of 1944? Answer: General Dwight D Eisenhower
Question: What RAF squardron number was nicknamed The Dambusters? Answer: 617
Question: The Seiges of Ladysmith and Mafeking were military actions during which war? Answer: Second Boer War
Question: What is the first name of the American professional tennis player with the surname Fish. Answer: Mardy
Question: In which rock band was Fish the lead singer Answer: Marillion
Question: In which country is Fishoek, a wine producing coastal area. Answer: South Africa - Western Cape.
Question: In Finding Nemo, what was the name of Nemo's father. Answer: Marlin
Question: Which progressive rock band had a track called The Fish on their 1971 album Fragile, their 4th album, but the first to feature Rick Wakeman. Answer: Yes
Question: Who starred in the 1991 movie The Fisher King Answer: Robin Williams
Question: What is the currency name in Bulgaria? Answer: Lev
Question: Which comedian, writer & actor had the character Loadsamoney' which he played on his TV shows? Answer: Harry Enfield
Question: Which actress played Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films fourteen times, from Dr. No (1962) until her final performance of the character in A View to a Kill (1985). Answer: Lois Maxwell
Question: The lyric I was born in the wagon of a travellin show, my mama used to dance for the money they'd throw' is from which song? Answer: Gypsies Tramps & Thieves
Question: True Cashmere is a product of which kind of animal? Answer: Cashmere Goat
Question: Which 1964 film, starring Stanley Baker and Jack Hawkins depicted the 1879 Battle of Rorke's Drift? Answer: Zulu
Question: These were "star-cross'd lovers" whose deaths ultimately unite their feuding families.  What were their names? Answer: Romeo and Juliet
Question: What is the name of the only Canadian province to have French as its sole official language? Answer: Quebec
Question: Which Christian name links Brown, Champagne and Aunt? Answer: Charlie
Question: According to Greek Mythology, what was the name of the mountain nymph who falls in love with Narcissus? Answer: Echo
Question: A discovery by Professor Wilhelm Roentgen in the 1890s led to which amazing medical invention? Answer: X-Ray
Question: Claude Monet, King Hussein of Jordan and Prince Charles all share the same birthday - the 14th .... of  which month? Answer: November
Question: This word has seven letters, it came before god, is greater than god, more evil than the devil, poor people have it, rich people want it, if you eat it you would die. What is it? Answer: Nothing
Question: What can you catch but you can't throw? Answer: A cold
Question: What gets whiter the dirtier it gets? Answer: A chalkboard
Question: What can go up a chimney down, but not down a chimney up? Answer: An umbrella
Question: What is so frasgile that even saying its name would break it? Answer: Silence
Question: What is the name of Fluer Delacor's little sister? Answer: Gabrielle
Question: What is Mad-Eye Moody's first name? Answer: Alastor
Question: How many horcruxes are there? Answer: 8
Question: What is the fulkl name of the Headmaster of Hogwarts who is killed in book 6? Answer: Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore
Question: Who is the poltergeist at Hogwarts? Answer: Peeves
Question: What is the animal Professor McGonall turns into? Answer: Cat
Question: Which British Blue Peter presenter is attempting, in January 2012, to get to the South Pole on a variety modes of transport - including a bike and kite ski? Answer: Helen Skelton
Question: Who is most commonly attributed as finding America, when he was hoping to find a route to India? Answer: Christopher Colombus
Question: Which British explorer was the  first ship's captain to stop the disease scurvy (now known to be caused by a lack of vitamin C) among sailors by providing them with fresh fruits? Answer: Captain James Cook
Question: Which Portuguese explorer discovered an ocean route from Portugal to the East - thought to be impossible at the time - in 1497?? Answer: Vasco da Gama
Question: In the Old English saga Beowulf, what is the name of the monster? Answer: Grendel
Question: A village in North Wales is named for the grave of a legendary dog. What is it's name? Answer: Beddgelert
Question: Doncaster airport takes its name from which figure in folklore? Answer: Robin Hood
Question: In Arthurian legend, who fought the Green Night? Answer: Gawain
Question: What is the name given to the collection of Welsh legends? Answer: The Mabinogion
Question: Which famous author hoped to create a mythology for England? Answer: J. R. R. Tolkien
Question: St George is the patron saint of England, but in which country would you find his tomb? Answer: Israel
Question: What country is Pecarino cheese from. Answer: Italy
Question: What country is Sukhindol wine from. Answer: Bulgaria
Question: What is a crate of twelve bottles of wine called. Answer: Case
Question: Which cheese is known as the King of English cheeses. Answer: Stilton
Question: What is the German label term indicating a high quality wine. Answer: Kabinett
Question: Which well known cheese is transported in cyclindrical wood-chip boxes. Answer: Camembert
Question: How many normal size wine bottles in a Methuselah. Answer: Eight
Question: Which group had a Top Ten hit in 1986 with 'Hunting High And Low'. Answer: A-Ha
Question: Who starred as Will Kane in the 1952 film 'High Noon'. Answer: Gary Cooper
Question: What is the highest mountain in Germany. Answer: Zugspitze
Question: Where is the lowest point in Africa. Answer: Lake Assai
Question: In which year was The Highway Code first published. Answer: 1931
Question: What is the name of Frank and Betty Spencer's daughter in Some Mothers Do Have Em? Answer: Jessica
Question: Who played Queen Elizabeth I in Blackadder II? Answer: Miranda Richardson
Question: Which sitcom starred Leonard Rossiter in the role of a supermarket manager? Answer: Tripper's Day
Question: In Rising Damp what was the christian name of Miss Jones? Answer: Ruth
Question: What is the name of the church in The Vicar of Dibley? Answer: St Barnabus
Question: In The Young Ones who shared the house with Rick, Vivian and Neil? Answer: Mike
Question: The Kipper and the Corpse was an episode from which classic comedy series? Answer: Fawlty Towers
Question: What was the name of the character played by Alyson Hannigan in the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer? Answer: Willow (Rosenburg).
Question: Which company makes the iPod and the iPhone? Answer: Apple
Question: The three commonest horse coats are: bay, grey and which other colour? Answer: Chestnut
Question: On what part of the body would you find the Mount of Venus? Answer: Palm of the hand
Question: Who starred in the films: The Gold Rush, City Lights & Modern Times? Answer: Charlie Chaplin
Question: Whose debut album released in 1998 was entitled The Voice of an Angel? Answer: Charlotte Church
Question: Which author who died in 1998 was the most borrowed author from British libraries for over twenty years? Answer: Catherine Cookson
Question: In the USA, the second Monday in October is a celebration in recognition of which historical figure? Answer: Christopher Columbus
Question: Which actor, possibly best known for his portrayal of Clark Griswald, hosted the American Acadamy Awards Ceremony in both 1987 and 1988? Answer: Chevy Chase
Question: Who in the early 1960's became known as the King of The Twist? Answer: Chubby Checker
Question: Which actress played Monica Geller in the TV series Friends? Answer: Courteney Cox
Question: Which fashion designer was chiefly responsible for the popularization of  the Little Black Dress? Answer: Coco Chanel
Question: Who was Home Secretary during the Foreign Prisoners Scandal of 2006? Answer: Charles Clarke
Question: Which supermodel was married to Richard Gere between 1991 and 1995? Answer: Cindy Crawford
Question: Who had a hit in the 1980s with White Wedding Answer: Billy Idol
Question: Which alcohol forms the primary ingredient of a White Lady cocktail Answer: Gin
Question: Which football club played at White City stadium in the 62-63 season as an experiment, deciding against a permanent move. Answer: Queens Park Rangers
Question: Who had a hit in 2003 with White Flag Answer: Dido
Question: Which popular knighted actor was born David White in 1940 Answer: David Jason
Question: Who was the first monarch to live in Buckingham Palace? Answer: Queen Victoria
Question: Who manned the first plane flight? Answer: The Wright Brothers
Question: Ursula Andress was the first Bond Girl, but what was her character name? Answer: Honey Rider
Question: Who was the first foreign player to score a hat trick in the Premiership? Answer: Eric Cantona
Question: Bill Sykes dog in Oliver Twist Answer: Bullseye
Question: Largest member of the cat family Answer: Tiger
Question: TV programme in which entrepreneurs pitch their ideas to a panel of millionaires Answer: Dragons Den
Question: 1981 film set in Russia, produced, directed and starring Warren Beatty. Also starring Dianne Keaton Answer: Reds
Question: 1978 song , sung by Warren Zevon. Answer: Werewolves of London
Question: Of the athletic events being contested in 2012, which event has the longest standing Olympic record? Answer: Long Jump
Question: What is the venue for the 2012 Olympic Badminton ? Answer: Wembley Arena
Question: In which Olympic track cycling event is a derny used? Answer: Keirin
Question: In which event did Boris Onischenko compete before being disqualified for cheating at the 1976 Montreal Games? Answer: Modern Pentathlon
Question: Which is the only country to have hosted the winter and summer Olympics in the same year? Answer: Germany 1936
Question: Mark Spitz famously won seven gold medals in the 1972 Munich Olympics.  How many gold medals did he win the the 1968 Mexico City games? Answer: 2
Question: Which was the first country to host the Olympic games for a second time? Answer: France
Question: Which country were appearing at their first finals during Euro 2012 ? Answer: Ukraine
Question: Which player was fined and given a one match ban for revealing his sponsored underpants after scoring? Answer: Nicklas Bendtner
Question: Who was the only player to make the UEFA team of the tournament whose team was knocked out in the group stages? Answer: Zlatan Ibrahimovic
Question: What was the nationality of Pedro Proenca who refereed the final? Answer: Portuguese
Question: What was the nickname of Captain Pierce in the TV series MASH Answer: Hawkeye
Question: Where did Captain James Cook die Answer: Hawaii
Question: Name the Captain of the Titanic when she sunk in 1912 Answer: Edward Smith
Question: Who played Captain Blood in the 1935 movie. Answer: Errol Flynn
Question: Who made the album Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy Answer: Elton John
Question: What was the first name of Captain Mainwaring in Dad's Army. Answer: George
Question: What is the name of Captain Pugwash's ship Answer: The Black Pig
Question: Which German statesman was known as the Iron Chancellor? Answer: Otto von BISMARCK
Question: Which U.S. artist was famous for his unique drip painting? Answer: JACKSON Pollack
Question: Who was the field marshal who commanded the 8th army during the Battle of El Alamein? Answer: Bernard MONTGOMERY
Question: Which celebrity chef who has appeared in Hell`s Kitchen and Kitchen Wars was born in Leeds? Answer: Marco PIERRE White
Question: Which English explorer popularised tobacco in England and ia credited with planting the first potatoes in ireland/ Answer: Sir Walter RALEIGH
Question: Which English actress, married to Tim Burton starred in A Room With a View and Fight Club? Answer: HELENA Bonham Carter
Question: Which cat spends most of his time chasing Tweety Pie? Answer: Sylvester.
Question: Who has friends Chris Rabbit and Mosey Mouse and enemies Farmer Giles and Rum Baa Baa? Answer: Henry's Cat.
Question: Lasagna and pizza are the favourite foods of which cat? Answer: Garfield.
Question: What is the name of the cat on the show regularly watched by Bart and Lisa Simpson? Answer: Scratchy.
Question: Which cat featured in the Dandy comic? Answer: Korky the Cat.
Question: Sea, Black, Bald, Phillipine and Crested are all types of what? Answer: Eagle
Question: In which 2006 film does Mark Wahlberg try out for a University American Football team? Answer: Invincible
Question: Which UK manufacturer produced models such as Trident, Spitfire, Bonneville, Daytona and Dolomite? Answer: Triumph
Question: In nautical terms, what is the name of the extension of a ship's side above the level of the weather deck? Answer: Bulwark
Question: What name links a chic handbag, a Greek god and a parcel delivery company? Answer: Hermes
Question: Which one word connects Elton John, Steptoe & Son and a Disney animated film? Answer: Hercules
Question: Which river flows through the Grand Canyon Answer: The Colorado River
Question: Valentia Island is off the coast of which European country? Answer: Ireland
Question: How many points of the compass are there? Answer: 32
Question: In which group of British Islands would you find the port of Sullom Voe? Answer: The Shetlands
Question: Which is the largest country through which the equator passes? Answer: Brazil
Question: What is the capital city of the USA state Florida? Answer: Tallahassee
Question: Vaduz is the capital of which doubly land locked central European principality? Answer: Liechtenstein
Question: What is the capital city of Morocco? Answer: Rabat
Question: The International border of China and one other country runs across the precise summit of Mount Everest. What is the capital city of the other country? Answer: Kathmandu
Question: Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, shares his better known title with which Southern Hemisphere capital city? Answer: Wellington
Question: What is the current capital city of Turkey? Answer: Ankara
Question: Amsterdam is the capital city of the Netherlands, but where is the Dutch Seat of Government based? Answer: The Hague
Question: In which country does the beer Singha originate? Answer: Thailand
Question: Hallertau, Tettnanger, Spalt, and Saaz all all varieties of what plant? Answer: Hops
Question: In Canada, the Molson family owns which NHL Team? Answer: The Montreal Canadiens
Question: What is the first name of Mr. Guinness, of stout beer fame? Answer: Arthur
Question: Hite, Max and Cass are all brewed in which country? Answer: South Korea
Question: Who is quoted as saying Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy? Answer: Benjamin Franklin
Question: Name the late 1970's cult TV programme, which was based on the 16th century Chinese novel, journey to the west? Answer: Monkey.
Question: Who is first in line to the British Throne? Answer: Charles, Prince of Wales.
Question: Which Peter Benchley novel was made into a film in 1975 by Steven Spielberg? Answer: Jaws.
Question: Which song title connects Huey Lewis and the news, Jennifer Rush and Frankie goes to Hollywood? Answer: The power of love.
Question: What was the name of the nuclear reactor that caused worldwide concern after the earthquake in Japan, 2011? Answer: Fukushima Daiichi
Question: In April 2010, a drilling rig run by BP suffered an explosion in the Gulf of Mexico.  Name that rig. Answer: Deepwater Horizon
Question: On 13 January 2012, what ship hit a rock off Isola del Giglio? Answer: Costa Concordia
Question: The famous Chilean miners saved in 2010 were originally mining for what  two substances? Answer: Copper and Gold
Question: The Titanic had three anchors.  What was their combined weight (in tons)? Answer: 31 tons
Question: Which bomb was dropped on Nagasaki on 9 August, 1945 Answer: Fat Man
Question: Which musical group had the single New York Mining Disaster, 1941 Answer: The Bee Gees
Question: This former BBC royal reporter proved popular with the public, finishing as runner-up in the third series of the reality TV show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2004. Answer: Jenny Bond
Question: Samantha Bond starred as Miss Moneypenny in four James Bond films between 1995 and 2002. She also plays the recurring character of Auntie Angela in which BBC semi-improvised comedy series? Answer: Outnumbered
Question: Flemish, English Cross and Garden Wall are all bonds used in what? Answer: Bricklaying
Question: What colour is Bond Street on a standard Monopoly board? Answer: Green
Question: OK, a James Bond question: how many actors have played James Bond in the official' movies? Answer: Seven
Question: Since 1923 the phrase My Name is My Bond' (dictum meum pactum in Latin) has been the motto of which City institution, where deals are made with no written pledges and no exchange of documents? Answer: London Stock Exchange
Question: What ship was the subject of the mutiny led by Fletcher Christian against Capt. William Bligh. Answer: HMS Bounty
Question: what was Sir Francis Drake'sship during his global circumnavigation between 1577 & 1580. Answer: Golden Hind
Question: Which ship gained notoriety when it spilt oil all over Prince William Sound in Alaska in 1989. Answer: Exxon Valdez
Question: What was the worlds first nuclear powered aircraft carrier, still in commission with the US Navy Answer: USS Enterprise
Question: Name of one of the most famous warships of WWII named after a German Chancellor - ordered to be sunk by Churchill. Answer: Bismarck
Question: Worlds first nuclear powered sub & first to complete a submerged transit across North Pole. Answer: USS Nautilus
Question: Raft used by Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl named after Inca Sun God. Answer: Kon Tiki
Question: Launched in 1906 & became a generic term for modern battleships and the name of a class of battleships in the Royal Navy. Answer: HMS Dreadnought
Question: The satirical comedy Airplane! was released in what year? Answer: 1980
Question: MiniBus, NintendoJet, ScareBus, Chainsaw, Deathjet are all nicknames for which model of aircraft? Answer: Airbus A320
Question: In August 2009, the band Train released what hit, that made it to #3 on the American Billboard charts? Answer: Hey Soul Sister
Question: What make of car was used as the platform for the time machine in the Back to the Future franchise? Answer: Delorean
Question: The high speed network of bullet trains in Japan is known as what? Answer: Shinkansen
Question: The first coin-operated parking meter in the US was installed in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. In what year was it installed? Answer: 1935
Question: Which city has the greatest number of Rolls Royce automobiles per capita? Answer: Hong Kong
Question: Of the two Wright brothers, who was born first? Answer: Wilbur
Question: Which legendary creature has the body,back legs and tail of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle? Answer: Griffin
Question: Who became the first British Formula 1 champion in 1958? Answer: Mike Hawthorn
Question: Which Which Jane Austin novel was initially titled First Impressions? Answer: Pride and Prejudice
Question: Which is the most senior United Kingdom Royal Palace? Answer: St James Palace
Question: What was the name of country music`s first superstar who died at the age of 29 from drink and drug abuse? Answer: Hank Williams
Question: What brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink? Answer: Duff
Question: What popular drink was originally called `Brad`s Drink`? Answer: Pepsi
Question: Who painted 'Absinthe Drinker' in 1901? Answer: Pablo Picasso
Question: What drink is made from molasses? Answer: Rum
Question: Which famous author once said `Work is the curse of the drinking class`? Answer: Oscar Wilde
Question: RAF College Cranwell is located in which county Answer: Lincolnshire
Question: What would you be training for if you attended White Lodge, Richmond Park Answer: Classical Ballet
Question: Which town is the administrative centre for the Open University Answer: Milton Keynes
Question: Who did John Wilkes Booth assassinate in April 1865? Answer: Abraham Lincoln
Question: The Teddy bear is named after whom? Answer: Theodore Roosevelt
Question: What bird was first released by Noah? Answer: Raven
Question: Who or what might suffer from wind-sucking and crib-biting? Answer: Horse
Question: I'm playing all the right notes but not necessarily in the right order. (Bonus point for to whom) Answer: Eric Morecambe
Question: Familiarity breeds contempt - and children. Answer: Mark Twain
Question: Out, damned spot! Out, I say! Answer: Lady Macbeth
Question: Chamberlain seemed such a nice old gentleman that I thought I would give him my autograph. Answer: Adolf Hitler
Question: It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on! Answer: Marilyn Monroe
Question: On board ship, what is housed in a binnacle? Answer: Compass
Question: What is the proper name for the flag flown by the Merchant Navy sometimes known as a Red Duster? Answer: Red Ensign
Question: What is the meaning of the nautical term avast? Answer: Stop
Question: What was a loblolly boy? Answer: Surgeon's assistant
Question: What was the name of the ship commanded by Captain Pugwash? Answer: The Black Pig
Question: After the mutiny on the Bounty, where did Christan Fletcher and his mutineers settle? Answer: Pitcairn Island
Question: Lucy Honeychurch is the heroine of which EM Forster novel later made into a film? Answer: A Room with a View
Question: Which famoust picture by Constable shows a wagon in the river near Flatford? Answer: The Haywain
Question: Who is the author of the Game of Thrones series of novels? Answer: George R R Martin
Question: Who wrote the novella A Clockwork Orange? Answer: Anthony Burgess
Question: Which artist is renowned  for his paintings using the splatter and drip action method? Answer: Jackson Pollack
Question: What is the title of the play by Arthur Miller set around the Salem Witch trials of 1692? Answer: The Crucible
Question: Who won the Booker Prize in 1981 for Midnight's Children? Answer: Salman Rushdie
Question: How many pints are in a Firkin? Answer: 72
Question: Om which country does Singha beer originate? Answer: Thailand
Question: What are Pioneer, Challenger and Pilgrim varieties of? Answer: Varieties of Hop
Question: What year did prohibition start in the USA? Answer: 1920
Question: Which country (according to 2010 statistics) is the country with the highest annual capita consumption of beer? Answer: Czech Republic
Question: Which beer was advertised in the 1980s using scenes from the film Ice Cold in Alex? Answer: Carlsberg
Question: What is used to flavour the Kriek beer from Belgium? Answer: Cherries
Question: What beer brand encouraged you to Follow the Bear in the 1980s? Answer: Hofmeister
Question: What is the title of the first James Bond novel published in 1953? Answer: Casino Royal
Question: The Chief Electrician responsible for lighting on a film or TV set is known as what? Answer: Gaffer
Question: Which farm animal appears on the flag of the Falklands Islands? Answer: Sheep
Question: In Norse mythology, what is the name of the dwelling place of the gods? Answer: Asgard
Question: The Taj Mahal is in which Indian city? Answer: Agra
Question: In geometry, what is the name given to a triangle with two equal sides and angles? Answer: Isosceles
Question: The Kama Sutra was originally written in which ancient language? Answer: Sanskrit
Question: Under what surname did the Bronte sisters originally publish their work? Answer: Bell
Question: Who is the Greek god of shepherds and flocks? Answer: Pan
Question: Who wrote the novel Moby Dick? Answer: Herman Melville
Question: In the cartoon Roobarb and Custard, what colour is Custard? Answer: Pink
Question: Who was the 16th President of the United States of America? Answer: Abraham Lincoln
Question: What is the correct term for a baby mackerel? Answer: Joey
Question: Which country does the football club Benfica come from? Answer: Portugal
Question: Who invented Dynamite in 1867? Answer: Alfred Nobel
Question: If you travel due East from New York which country would you made landfall at first? Answer: Portugal
Question: Who wrote the poem The Owl and the Pussycat? Answer: Edward Lear
Question: How many rounds are there in an Olympic boxing match? Answer: 4
Question: How many emirates make up the United Arab Emirates? Answer: 7
Question: What was the name of the experimental raft built by Thor Heyerdahl and named after an Inca Sun God? Answer: Kon Tiki
Question: My Name is My Bond is the motto of which London institution? Answer: London Stock Exchange
Question: What was the name of the bomb dropped on Nagasaki in August 1945? Answer: Fat Man
Question: What part of the body is affected by Uveitis? Answer: Eyes
Question: Who wrote the Hornblower novels? Answer: C S Forester
Question: Who or what may suffer from wind-sucking or crib-biting? Answer: Horse
Question: What is the name of the helicopter used to transport the President of the USA? Answer: Marine One
Question: What was the name of Francis Drake's ship in which he circumnavigated the world? Answer: Golden Hind
Question: Which capital city is closest to the Equator? Answer: Quito, Ecuador
Question: What is the highest mountain in the USA? Answer: Mount McKinley
Question: What is the longest river in Australia? Answer: River Murray
Question: How many avenues radiate from the Arc De Triomphe in Paris? Answer: 12
Question: Which remote island in the Outer Hebrides was evacuated in 1930 and is no longer inhabited? Answer: St Kilda
Question: Who was the first British Prime Minister? Answer: Robert Walpole
Question: Who did John Francis attempt to assassinated in 1842? Answer: Queen Victoria
Question: Who was the first person to cross the English Channel by aeroplane? Answer: Louis Bleriot
Question: At Dettingen in 1743 who was the last British monarch to lead his troops into battle? Answer: George II
Question: At the 1908 Olympic Games, City of London Police defeated Liverpool Polce to win gold - at what event? Answer: Tug of War
Question: Who took Bonnie Prince Charlie disguised as a woman from Benbecula to Skye Answer: Flora McDonald
Question: King Henry I reportededly died from eating a surfeit of .... what? Answer: Lampreys
Question: Desiree is a variety of what vegetable? Answer: Potato
Question: Noble Rot is a fungus affecting which fruit? Answer: Grapes
Question: Which animal was unknown in the west until 1869 when furs were obtained by a missionary? Answer: Giant Panda
Question: Which organ in the body is affected by hepatitis? Answer: Liver
Question: What is a mouflon a type of? Answer: Sheep
Question: What is the largest of the three paired muscles in the buttocks? Answer: Gluteus Maximus
Question: What colour does litmus paper turn in acid solutions Answer: Red
Question: Which planet orbits the sun at a n average distance of approximately 150 million kilometers? Answer: Earth
Question: Which is Britain's smallest bird of prey? Answer: Merlin
Question: Graham Nash left which group in 1968 to join David Crosby and Stephen Stills? Answer: The Hollies
Question: Who was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar for her role as Mrs Robinson in The Graduate? Answer: Anne Bancroft
Question: On which instrument was the theme for The Third Man performed? Answer: Zither
Question: What film of 1968 set in the 41st Century starred Jane Fonda and Milo O'Shea? Answer: Barbarella
Question: What French term is used in ballet for dancing on the tip of the toe? Answer: En Pointe
Question: Who sang  with Queen on their 1981 UK Number One Under Pressure? Answer: David Bowie
Question: Whose assassination on 28 June 1914 sparked the war? Answer: Archduke Franz Ferdinand
Question: Who was the British Prime Minister at the outbreak of war? Answer: Herbert Henry Asquith
Question: Who wrote the music for the song Keep the Home Fires Burning? Answer: Ivor Novello
Question: How many British troops were killed on the first day of the Battle of the Somme on 1 July 1916? Answer: 20,000
Question: In which country is Vimy Ridge, site of a battle in April 1917? Answer: Fracne
Question: Which battle does Anzac Day specifically commemorate? Answer: Gallipoli
Question: Who wrote You smug-faced crowds with kindling eye, who cheer when soldier lads march by.  Sneak hom and pray you'll never know, the hell where youth and laughter go? Answer: Siegfried Sassoon
Question: Which president was shot whilst reviewing a military parade in October 1981? Answer: Anwar Sadat
Question: Lee Harvey Oswald shot John F Kennedy, but who shot him? Answer: Jack Ruby
Question: In which year was John Lennon assassinated? Answer: 1980
Question: Who stabbed Jean-Paul Marat in his bath in 1793, an act which has later been seen as patriotic? Answer: Charlotte Corday
Question: Which is the only British Prime Minister to have been assassinated? Answer: Spencer Perceval
Question: Politician Airey Neave was assassinated in Westminster in 1979 - how was the killing carried out? Answer: Car Bomb
Question: Which British jounalist was shot outside her home in Fulham 1999? Answer: Jill Dando
Question: Which Gerry Anderson TV character is modelled upon James Garner? Answer: Troy Tempest
Question: In which fictional county would you find DCI Tom Barnaby? Answer: Midsomer
Question: Which board game is also known as Reversi? Answer: Othello
Question: Which David Essex hit was co-written by Mike Batt & Tim Rice? Answer: Winter's Tale
Question: Pound, cup and foot are all types of what? Answer: Measure
Question: A UK Number 1 for Diana Ross in March 1986 written by the Bee Gees? Answer: Chain Reaction
Question: Who won an Academy Award for best supporting actor forThe Fighter? Answer: Christian Bale
Question: An idiom meaning a no win situation came from which novel by Joseph Heller? Answer: Catch 22
Question: Tufted, Ruddy and Mandarin are types of which bird species? Answer: Duck
Question: Lapsong souchong is a type of what? Answer: Tea
Question: Who created the character of Brigit Jones? Answer: Helen Fielding
Question: Which 1949 British film featured the character of Harry Lime? Answer: The Third Man
Question: Who is known in Scotland as 'Duke of Rothesay' and has the middle names of Philip Arthur George? Answer: Prince Charles
Question: Which actor has played Guy Perron in The Jewel in the Crown (1984), Dr. Jonathan Clemens in Alien 3 (1992), Sardo Numspa in The Golden Child (1986) and Benedict in Last Action Hero (1993)? Answer: Charles Dance
Question: Carlos Irwin Estvez is better known by what stage name? Answer: Charlie Sheen
Question: What are the first names of the Saatchi brothers? (Both required for 1 point) Answer: Maurice and Charles
Question: Which actor has been cast opposite Dakota Johnson to play Christian Grey in the film of Fifty Shades of Grey? Answer: Charlie Hunnam
Question: Which hard-man American actor was married to Jill Ireland from 1968 until her death in 1990? Answer: Charles Bronson
Question: What is the IATA airport code for the largest airport of France? Answer: CDG
Question: Who sang the title song of the 1981 Bond film, becoming  the first title song artist to appear on screen in a Bond film? Answer: Sheena Easton
Question: For your eyes only was the 12th Bond film, and the 5th to star which actor in the lead role? Answer: Roger Moore
Question: Which band sang the 1982 theme tune to Rocky III, 'Eye of the Tiger'? Answer: Survivor
Question: What was the final film directed, produced and co-written by Stanley Kubrick, starring Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman in the lead roles? Answer: Eyes Wide Shut
Question: What is the more common name of the Peafowl, a species of flying birdbest known for the male's extravagant eye-spotted tail covert feathers? Answer: Peacock
Question: Erected in 1889, this object has become one of the most recognizable structures & the most-visited paid monument in the world? Answer: The Eiffel Tower
Question: Robert L May created which popular Christmas character in 1939? Answer: Rudolph
Question: On Christmas day in 2000, which country officially established a new National Anthem? Answer: Russia.
Question: Who wrote the poem Twas the night before Christmas also called "A Visit from St. Nicholas in 1822? Answer: Clement Clarke Moore
Question: Which saint's day is also known as Boxing Day? Answer: St Stephen.
Question: True or False? The German's made the first artificial Christmas tree out of Goose feathers? Answer: True
Question: True or False? The word mistletoe comes from the gaelic words for kissing girl plant? Answer: False
Question: Which comedy star plays the title character in the film Elf? Answer: Will Ferrel
Question: Which ancient relic was stolen by Scottish Activists from Westminster Abbey and returned to Scotland on Christmas day in 1950? Answer: Stone of Scone
Question: Who wrote the poem 'If'? Answer: Rudyard Kipling
Question: At the end of the novel 'The Day Of The Triffids', on what island do the two sighted protagonists Bill Masen and Josella Payton eventually find refuge? Answer: Isle of Wight
Question: Which region in the Pacific ocean is also the name of a character in the Dr. Doolittle' stories? Answer: Polynesia
Question: Which artist is famous for his statue The Thinker'? Answer: Auguste Rodin
Question: Franz Hals painted his most famous work in 1624; what was it called? Answer: The Laughing Cavalier
Question: Who was the pilot hero of Captain W.E. Johns stories? Answer: Biggles
Question: Which Scottish golfer (aka Mrs Doubtfire) has won a record eight European Tour Order of Merit titles, including a streak of seven consecutively from 1993 to 1999? Answer: Colin Montgomerie
Question: In which town is the cartoon series 'The Simpsons' based around? Answer: Springfield
Question: Since 1934, the annual Golf Masters tournament is the only major played each year at the same course. Name the course? Answer: Augusta National Golf Club
Question: What is the often used name of the political protest of throwing a beverage into a harbour in December 1773? Answer: The Boston Tea Party
Question: Which American actor, who sadly passed on October 31st 1993 at the age of 23, was the older brother of Rain, Joaquin, Summer & Liberty? Answer: River Phoenix
Question: What was the name of the German Chancellor, the primary force behind the unification of Germany 1871, who also had a famous battleship named after him? Answer: Otto von Bismarck
Question: A Stephen King 1975 horror fiction novel which involves a writer (named Ben Mears) who returns to the town where he lived as a boy, to discover that the residents are all becoming vampires? Answer: Salem's Lot
Question: In what year was George Washington inaugurated as the first president of the United States? Answer: 1789
Question: How many presidents have been assassinated? Answer: Four
Question: Which president's First Lady opened a clinic for drug and alcohol abusers? Answer: Gerald Ford
Question: Which president served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president? Answer: Grover Cleveland
Question: Who became president following the assination of John F Kennedy in 1963? Answer: Lyndon B Johnson
Question: Which president was married to the actress Jane Wyman? Answer: Ronald Reagan
Question: Who was the only president to resign from office? Answer: Richard Nixon
Question: Who was president for the duration of the First World War? Answer: Thomas Woodrow Wilson
Question: What do the 1st, 3rd, 16th and 26th presidents have in common? Answer: Mount Rushmore
Question: Which book features the characters Passepartout, Mr Fix and Aouda? Answer: Around The World In Eighty Days
Question: Who wrote the classic thriller The Thirty-Nine Steps? Answer: John Buchan
Question: Who wrote the novel Chitty Chitty Bang Bang : The Magical Car? Answer: Ian Fleming
Question: Who wrote the novel Black Beauty, first published in 1877? Answer: Anna Sewell
Question: Which author wrote the Foundation series of science fiction novels? Answer: Isaac Asimov
Question: What is the first part of JRR Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings trilogy called? Answer: The Fellowship of the Ring
Question: Who wrote East of Eden, Of Mice and Men and The Grapes of Wrath? Answer: John Steinbeck
Question: Who wrote Jurassic Park, which the Spielberg film was based on? Answer: Michael Crichton
Question: Who wrote Three Men In A Boat? Answer: Jerome K Jerome
Question: Which broadsheet newspaper founded in 1821 as 'The New Observer' became the first to produce a colour supplement? Answer: The Sunday Times
Question: What was the title of The Beatles' first film released in 1964? Answer: A Hard Day's Night
Question: Which member of the Royal family divorced on April 23rd 1992 and married again 8 months later? Answer: Princess Anne
Question: What did 15 men led by Bruce Reynolds do on August 8th, 1963 in Ledburn, Buckinghamshire? Answer: The Great Train Robbery
Question: 'Live Aid' pop concerts are staged on July 13th 1985 in London and which other US city? Answer: Philadelphia
Question: At the 84th Academy Awards in 2012, which silent French film received ten nominations, winning five awards, including Best Picture? Answer: The Artist
Question: What was the name of Apollo 11's Lunar Module that landed Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on the surface of the moon in 1969? Answer: Eagle
Question: In which country would you find budgerigars in their natural habitat? Answer: Australia
Question: What name is given to a cow that has not had a calf? Answer: Heifer
Question: How many walking legs does a lobster have? Answer: Ten
Question: From which animal do we get cashmere? Answer: Goats
Question: Which element is represented by the symbol 'P' in the periodic table? Answer: Phosphorus
Question: What is a Kerry Blue? Answer: A breed of dog
Question: By what name is the plant 'Atropa bella-donna' more commonly known? Answer: Deadly Nightshade
Question: What is the common game given to the spectacular light show the Aurora Borealis? Answer: The NORTHERN Lights.
Question: What was the name of the coffee house in Friends? Answer: CENTRAL Perk.
Question: Which London museum houses the world's largest collection of decorative and design? Answer: The VICTORIA and Albert Museum.
Question: In the U.S., who represents the government in the prosecution of criminal offences? Answer: The DISTRICT Attorney.
Question: What was the name of Stanley Kubriks landmark 1968 sci-fi blockbuster? Answer: 2001: A Space Odyssey
Question: Who directed Alien and Blade Runner? Answer: Ridley Scott
Question: Who wrote 'The War of the Worlds' which has been adapted to film on four occassions? Answer: H. G. Wells
Question: What was the name of the superhuman cyborg law enforcer played by Peter Weller in 1987? Answer: Robocop
Question: Who supplied the voice for Darth Vader in the original Star Wars trilogy between 1977 and 1983? Answer: James Earl Jones
Question: What was the name of the robot in 1986 smash 'Short Circuit'? Answer: Johnny 5
Question: Who plays Sarah Connor in the first of the Terminator movies? Answer: Linda Hamilton
Question: Who co-wrote,produced,directed and starred in the 1981 film Reds? Answer: Warren Beatty.
Question: Who was the lead singer of Simply Red? Answer: Mick Hucknall.
Question: The Red River is a tributary of which U.S.river? Answer: Mississippi.
Question: In which branch of the British Army would a Redcap serve? Answer: Royal Military Police.
Question: What name is given to red Bordeaux wine? Answer: Claret.
Question: Which toy manufacturer produces the Connect 4 game? Answer: Hasbro.
Question: What is the name of the high speed train service that connects London to Paris and Brussels? Answer: Eurostar.
Question: The film The French Connection is set in New York and which French city? Answer: Marseilles.
Question: Who is the host of BBC4's Only Connect? Answer: Victoria Coren Mitchell.
Question: What is the anatomical name given to the tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs? Answer: The trachea.
Question: What is the name of the strait that connects San Francisco Bay to the Pacific Ocean? Answer: Golden Gate.
Question: What is the name of the device that connects a computer to the internet? Answer: A router.
Question: The Briish Airways subsidiary BA Connect was sold to which other airline? Answer: Flybe.
Question: The human body has 5 basic types of taste: Sweet, Sour, Salty, Bitter and Umami. From what language do we borrow the word Umami from? Answer: Japanese
Question: What is the name of Heston Blumenthal's 3 Michelin starred restaurant in the UK? Answer: The Fat Duck
Question: Keith Floyd used the song Peaches as a theme tune for many of his cookery programmes. Which group performed this song? Answer: The Stranglers
Question: True or False: Apples belong to the rose family? Answer: TRUE
Question: One of the most hydrating foods to eat is the cucumber, which contains what percentage of water? 76%, 86% or 96%? Answer: 96%
Question: Which actor has played the policeman Nick Rowan in the UK TV retro soap Heartbeat'? Answer: Nick Berry
Question: On 1st May 2014, renowned Michelin star chef Jason Atherton opened City Social' restaurant situated on level 24 of Tower 42 in London. Who was the previous highly rated chef to run a restaurant at this location? Answer: Gary Rhodes
Question: In which city was the world's biggest McDonalds fast food restaurant opened in 2012? Answer: London
Question: Which of Shakespeare's plays begins with the words `If music be the food of love, play on`? Answer: Twelfth Night
Question: The Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio was set up on October 16 1923 by Walt Disney and his brother, what was his brothers' first name? Answer: Roy
Question: The company trademark incorporates the character Mickey Mouse, but was Mickey's original screen name? Answer: Mortimer
Question: Which 1940 film was the first commercial film to be shown in stereophonic sound? Answer: Fantasia
Question: In which year (+/- 2 years) was the original Disneyland resort to open to the general public? Answer: 1955
Question: Which is the only one of the 7(seven) Dwarfs not to have a beard? Answer: Dopey
Question: How old was Walt Disney when he died on December 15 1966? (+/- 5 years) Answer: 65 years old
Question: Which actor originally voiced the 1995 Toy Story character 'Woody'? Answer: Tom Hanks
Question: Walt Disney holds the record for most Oscar nominations at 59. How many of these were converted into Oscar awards? (+/- two) Answer: 22 awards
Question: What is the name of the Griffin's family dog in Seth MacFarlane's cartoon series 'Family Guy'? Answer: Brian
Question: What name is given to unsolicited or undesired electronic messages? Answer: Spam
Question: In Arthurian legend for what was 'The Fisher King' responsible? Answer: Holy Grail
Question: Which theory of behavioural science states that 'Positive reinforcement and indirect suggestion to achieve non-forced compliance can be more effective than direct legislation'? Answer: Nudge
Question: Who was the only English winner of the World Snooker championships in the 1990's? Answer: John Parrott
Question: Which iconic symbol of American independence is found in Philadelphia? Answer: Liberty Bell
Question: The Malvern Hills are located in which three English counties? Answer: WORCESTERSHIRE, Herefordshire and Gloucestershire.
Question: What was the name of the British figure skater who was 1976 Olympic and World Champion? Answer: John CURRY.
Question: Which rock band had a hit with  (Don't fear) The reaper? Answer: Blue OYSTER Cult.
Question: What is the name of G.K. Chesterton's detective priest? Answer: Father BROWN.
Question: The creation of the county of Cumbria saw the disappearance of which two former counties? Answer: CUMBERLAND and Westmorland.
Question: In the Christian Eucharist, which two items represent the body and blood of Jesus Christ? Answer: BREAD and wine.
Question: Which Nobel prize winner was offered the presidency of Israel? Answer: ALBERT Einstein
Question: Which gunfight resulted in the deaths is Tom and Frank McLaury and Billy Clanton? Answer: The Gunfight at the O.K Corral.
Question: The Ishihara test is used to test for which condition? Answer: Colour blindness.
Question: Trinity was the code name for the first testing of what? Answer: Atom bomb.
Question: In chemistry, what test is used to determine the acidity or alkalinity of a solution? Answer: Litmus test.
Question: Soul Limbo is used as the theme tune for which radio programme? Answer: Test match special.
Question: In the 1976 Olympics, who was the only competitor not to have a sex test? Answer: Princess Anne.
Question: What is the name of the test given to newborn babies to determine their condition? Answer: Apgar test.
Question: And currently, at what age are taxis required to have an MOT certificate? Answer: One year.
Question: Which singer nicknamed The Boss' had a cameo in the 2000 film HighFidelity' Answer: Bruce Springsteen
Question: Who plays Captain Jack Sparrow's father Edward Teague in the Pirates of the Caribbean films? Answer: Keith Richards
Question: Which Country and western singer played the character Whistler' in the Blade Films Answer: Kris Kristofferson
Question: Who appears as God in the 1999 film Dogma'? Answer: Alanis Morrisette
Question: True or false, Bobby Brown has a cameo in the film Ghostbusters 2'? Answer: TRUE
Question: Which member of the group All Saints appeared in Bend it like Beckham'? Shaznay Lewis or Nicole Appleton?7 Answer: Shaznay Lewis
Question: Which Brit-pop singer made his acting debut in the 1997 film Face'? Answer: Damon Albarn
Question: Dwayne Johnson is better known by which nickname Answer: The Rock
Question: Name the voice actor most famous for Winnie the Pooh, Kaa in Jungle Book, & Mr Stork in Dumbo. Answer: Stirling Holloway
Question: Which caves are a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), near Wells in Somerset Answer: Wookie Hole
Question: In woodwork, what are butt, dovetail & mitre Answer: Joints
Question: Which car manufacturer has produced the Taunus, Laser & Thunderbird models Answer: Ford
Question: Name the third light blue property on a Monopoly board, that joins The Angel Islington & Euston Road. Answer: Pentonville Road
Question: What is the commonest bird in Britain? Answer: The wren.
Question: On which island was the now extinct Elephant bird found? Answer: Madagascar.
Question: A pandemonium is the collective noun for which order of birds? Answer: Parrots.
Question: Which bird has the Latin name Puffinus puffinus? Answer: Manx shearwater.
Question: In the video game who are the antagonists of the Angry Birds? Answer: Pigs.
Question: Who famously said I spent a lot of money on booze,birds and fast cars, the rest I just squandered? Answer: George Best.
Question: In which film can you the Sulaco spacship Answer: Aliens
Question: In which TV series would you find the Liberator Answer: Blakes 7
Question: In which film will you find the Rodger Young Answer: Starship Troopers
Question: In which film will you find the space craft called Churchill Answer: Lifeforce
Question: In which film will you find the Jupiter 2 spaceship Answer: Lost In Space
Question: In which film can you find the Oberon spaceship Answer: Planet of the Apes
Question: What was the surly debut single from Magic Answer: Rude
Question: Released in September 2014 which Labrinth song sounds like it should be in your Beatles Collection Answer: Let It Be
Question: Which cheery Pharell Williams song was used on Despicable Me 2 soundtrack Answer: Happy
Question: Which John Legend song knocked Pharell Willams completely off the No.1 spot on the US Billboard Answer: All Of Me
Question: Which accusing Calvin Harris song reached No1 on the UK Singles Chart on 14th Sept 2014 Answer: Blame
Question: Name the scarey debut Single from Ella Henderson released in June 2014 Answer: Ghost
Question: Released in August 2014, which noisy song from Jessie J features Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj Answer: Bang Bang
Question: Released in July 2014, which deadly song is from Iggy Azalea and features Rita Ora Answer: Black Widow
Question: Which battle is commonly referred to as Custer's Last Stand? Answer: Little Big Horn.
Question: What is the last book of the Old Testament? Answer: Malachi.
Question: Who wrote the book Last of the Mohicans? Answer: James Fenimore Cooper.
Question: Which football team were the last to win the English football league Division One? Answer: Leeds United.
Question: What mission number was the last Apollo lunar landing? Answer: 17.
Question: Which band's debut single was Last Train to Clarksville? Answer: The Monkees.
Question: Who created the television series Last of the Summer Wine? Answer: Roy Clarke.
Question: In which month does The Last Night of the Proms take place? Answer: September.
Question: What is the first name of cricket umpire Dickie Bird Answer: Harold
Question: Which US President's wife was known as Bird Answer: Lyndon B Johnson
Question: Who starred alongside Rod Taylor in Hitchcock's movie The Birds Answer: Tippi Hedren
Question: The Birds were a 60s R&B; group, but name their guitarist who went on to bigger things, and still tours in 2014 Answer: Ronnie Wood
Question: The birdeating spider (the largest spider in the world is found in what part of the world Answer: South America
Question: Who is credited with organising the first package holidays? Answer: Thomas COOK.
Question: Strawberry tongue is a characteristic of which (colourful) disease? Answer: SCARLET fever.
Question: Which U.S. band had hits with Sylvia's mother and  A little bit more? Answer: Dr. HOOK.
Question: What is the name of the film director whose films include Bladerunner and Gladiator? Answer: Ridley SCOTT.
Question: In Arthurian legend, what is the name of the enchantress who is Arthur's half sister? Answer: MORGAN le Fey.
Question: Which Disney film includes the characters Bubbles,Crush and Mr Ray? Answer: Finding NEMO.
Question: Which U.S. actor played the title role in  Spartacus ? Answer: KIRK Douglas.
Question: Who starred as Gracie Hart in the 2000 film Miss Congeniality? Answer: Sandra Bullock.
Question: In which Dickens novel does Miss Havisham appear? Answer: Great Expectations.
Question: In the 1989 film, who was Driving Miss Daisy? Answer: Morgan Freeman.
Question: Where does Agatha Christie's Miss Marple live? Answer: St.Mary Mead.
Question: The musical Miss Saigon is based on which Puccini opera? Answer: Madame Butterfly.
Question: Miss Phillipines, Mary Jean Lastimosa currently holds which title? Answer: Miss Universe.
Question: What is the sunsme of The Muppets Miss Piggy? Answer: Lee
Question: Which Greek hero set off on a quest to find the golden fleece? Answer: Jason
Question: Which God did the ancient Egyptians believe protected the souls of the dead? Answer: Anubis
Question: Who was the Roman God of doorways, gates and passageways? Answer: Janus
Question: In Norse myth, what was the name of Odin's eight- legged horse? Answer: Sleipnir
Question: In Greek mythology, who was the mother (and later wife) of King Oedipus? Answer: Queen Jocasta of Thebes
Question: In Norse mythology who was the shield maiden cursed to sleep within a circle of fire? Answer: Brunhilde
Question: Which Greek warrior and hero killedthe monster called the Chimera? Answer: Bellerophon
Question: In Roman legend, which animals are said to have saved Rome from a surprise attack by raising an alarm? Answer: Geese
Question: Picture This, Blondies 1978 single was taken from which number one album? Answer: Parallel Lines.
Question: Who wrote the novel Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man? Answer: James Joyce.
Question: Who wrote the story collection Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog? Answer: Dylan Thomas.
Question: In which U.S. state is the Painted Desert ? Answer: Arizona.
Question: Who wrote the novel  The Picture of Dorian Grey? Answer: Oscar Wilde.
Question: What type of creature is a Painted Lady? Answer: Butterfly.
Question: By what other name is the Flying Fox known? Answer: The FRUIT Bat.
Question: From what material is the Taj Mahal constructed? Answer: White MARBLE.
Question: Which Scottish football club is nicknamed The Arabs? Answer: DUNDEE United.
Question: which region of the earth's stratosphere traps most of the sun's UV radiation? Answer: The Ozone LAYER.
Question: What is the name of the trophy awarded to the NHL Play-off winners? Answer: Stanley CUP.
Question: What name is given to the Northumberland dish consisting of layered potato,onion and cheese? Answer: PAN Haggerty.
Question: Who played the female lead in the 1933 movie King Kong? Answer: Fay Wray
Question: Which song, released by Elton John as a single in 1975, was a tribute to tennis player Billie Jean King? Answer: Philadelphia Freedom
Question: In the US cartoon series King of the Hill, what is Hank Hill's profession? Answer: Propane salesman
Question: Who succeeded Mervyn King, Governor of the Bank of England until 2013? Answer: Mark Carney
Question: Who played television character Jason King in the early 1970s? Answer: Peter Wyngarde
Question: Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968 while standing on the balcony of which type of building? Answer: A motel
Question: The Last King of Scotland was a 2006 movie, that featured which African leader in the storyline? Answer: Idi Amin
Question: Who was the singer and voice artist behind King Louis in the cartoon version of Jungle Book? Answer: Louis Prima
Question: Name the Ancient Greek Muse of Dance? Answer: Terpsichore
Question: Who was the oldest man in the Old Testament? Answer: Methusala
Question: What is the chemical symbol for Gold? Answer: Au
Question: What is the speed of light (in miles per second)? Answer: 186,000
Question: In science fiction, who formulated the Three Laws of Robotics? Answer: Isaac Asimov
Question: What is the name of the highest mountain in Great Britain? Answer: Ben Nevis
Question: What is the chemical symbol for Silver? Answer: Ag
Question: Which U.S. Serial Killer was nicknamed The Killer Clown? Answer: John Wayne Gacy
Question: From which plant do we derive the drug Digitalis? Answer: Foxglove
Question: How many centimetres are there in a 'Hand', the measurement used on horses? Answer: 10
Question: What were the names of the 3 Bronte sisters? Answer: Anne, Charlotte and Emily
Question: What is a traditional Welsh stew usually made using lamb, leeks, potato, swede and carrot Answer: Cawl
Question: Which Irish dish is made by combining mashed potatoes, chopped spring onions, butter and milk Answer: Champ
Question: Which traditional Irish loaf is made using flour, bicarbonate of soda and buttermilk Answer: Soda Bread
Question: Which traditional dessert is made from strawberries, broken meringue and cream Answer: Eton Mess
Question: Which Scottish soup is made from smoked haddock, potatoes and onions Answer: Cullen Skink
Question: What do we call, particular to one county, an elongated suet crust with a savoury filling at one end and a sweet filling at the other Answer: Bedfordshire Clanger
Question: From what type of wood was Pinocchio carved? Answer: Pine.
Question: In the kid's TV series Rainbow - what kind of animal was George meant to be? Answer: Hippo.
Question: Which ventriloquist was Lord Charles' sidekick? Answer: Ray Allen.
Question: In which TV series did the Muppets first appear? Answer: Sesame Street.
Question: What is the name of the dog in Punch and Judy? Answer: Toby.
Question: In which Gerry Anderson TV series did Mike Mercury appear? Answer: Supercar.
Question: In Thunderbirds what was the unnamed villain known as? Answer: The Hood.
Question: In the Sooty show what kind of animal was Ramsbottom? Answer: Snake.
Question: Who wrote and performed as Captain Kremmen Answer: Kenny Everett
Question: Who captained the whaling ship Pequod Answer: Captain Ahab
Question: Captain Cook is a geographical area which grows coffee on which island Answer: Hawaii
Question: Which Belgian cartoonist created Captain Haddock Answer: Herge
Question: What is the name of Captain Mainwaring's wife Answer: Elizabeth
Question: Captain John Francis McIntyre is a fictional TV character, better known by what name Answer: Trapper
Question: Who played the title character in the film Hook Answer: Dustin Hoffman
Question: Who was captain of HMS Bounty at the time of the famous mutiny Answer: Captain Bligh
Question: How long does it take from light from the Sun to travel to Earth? Answer: 8 minutes and 20 seconds
Question: On average who's hearts beat faster; men or women? Answer: Women
Question: The Rovers Return is now a free house but is still supplied by which brewery? Answer: Newton & Ridley
Question: What is the name of the inn where Jim Hawkins lives at the start of Trwasure Island? Answer: The Admiral Benbow
Question: What was the name of the local in Only Fools And Horses? Answer: Nag's head
Question: This Cornish pub is the name of a Daphne du Maurier novel and Alfred Hitchcock film. Answer: Jamaica Inn
Question: What is the name of the Edinburgh pub favoured by Ian Rankin's Inspector Rebus? Answer: The Oxford Bar
Question: Shaun of the Dead and Minder featured watering holes with what name common to both? Answer: The Winchester
Question: What is the second book of the bible? Answer: Exodus
Question: What is the second book in the Harry Potter series? Answer: The Chamber of Secrets
Question: Who was the second president of the USA? Answer: John Adams
Question: What is the second planet from the sun? Answer: Venus
Question: What is the second letter of the Greek alphabet? Answer: Beta
Question: What is the second element in the periodic table? Answer: Helium
Question: What is the second film in the Indiana Jones franchise? Answer: Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
Question: Who wrote the novel Dracula, published in 1897? Answer: Abraham Bram Stoker
Question: In legend, vampires are unable to cross a threshold without being invited.  What other natural barrier are they unable to cross? Answer: Running water
Question: Which British film company produced many vampire movies in the 1960's and 70's? Answer: Hammer
Question: Which famous horror movie star was buried in his Dracula costume? Answer: Bela Lugosi
Question: Which Hungarian Countess is reputed to have killed over 600 women in order to bathe in their blood? Answer: Countess Elizabeth Bathory
Question: On average, who has the faster/sharpest reflexes? Answer: Women
Question: What was the first name of Bond Villan Mr Scaramanga from 'The Man With The Golden Gun'? Answer: Francisco
Question: Grace Jones played May Day in which film? Answer: A View to a Kill
Question: Who sang the theme song in the film 'From Russia with Love'? Answer: Matt Monro
Question: George Lazenby's only Bond film was 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service'. Who played  Blofeld in that film? Answer: Telly Savalas
Question: Which character has been played among others by Jack Lord, Cec Linder, David Hedison and Jeffrey Wright? Answer: Felix Leiter
Question: Which singer had a cameo as a fencing instructor in 'Die Another Day'? Answer: Madonna
Question: Which was the last film in which Desmond Llewelyn played Q? Answer: The World Is Not Enough
Question: Which Olympic silver medallist played Oddjob in Goldfinger? Answer: Harold Sakata
Question: Which was the first James Bond film directed by Sam Mendes? Answer: Skyfall
Question: Sean Connery returned as 007 in 'Never Say Never Again' but on which of Ian Fleming's books was the film based? Answer: Thunderball
Question: What is the capital city of the Kingdom of the Netherlands? Answer: Amsterdam
Question: Which river traditionally forms the border between England and Scotland ? Answer: The River Tweed
Question: Which actress played Samantha in the comedy series Bewitched Answer: Elizabeth Montgomery
Question: Which 1965 movie, remade in 2004, involved the survival of passengers after their plane crashed in the desert. Answer: Flight of the Phoenix
Question: Which sports stadium has the highest seating capacity in the world (at 247,000) Answer: Indianapolis Speedway
Question: Which car manufacturer's current range includes the Navigator, MKX & MKC models Answer: Lincoln
Question: Which singer died in a crash of his own experimental aircraft Answer: John Denver
Question: What was the character name of Commander Shore's daughter in the 60's series Stingray (voiced by Lois Maxwell) Answer: Atlanta
Question: Who had hits with Wishin' and Hopin and You don't have to say you love me Answer: Dusty Springfield
Question: Which X-Men character has the real name of Ororo Munroe? Answer: STORM
Question: Which English alternate rock band released the album called "Tilt" in 1999? Answer: The LIGHTNING Seeds
Question: What is the official Presidential Anthem of the United States? Answer: HAIL to the Chief
Question: Which children's cartoon series featured characters called Lion-O, Cheetara, Panthro and Tygra? Answer: THUNDERcats
Question: To complain or find fault in a petty or disagreeable way; a peevish complaint? Answer: Carp
Question: Who was the first woman in Space? Answer: Valentina Tereshkova
Question: Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize? Answer: Marie Curie
Question: Who was the first woman to win a Best Director 'Oscar'? Answer: Kathryn Bigelow
Question: Which country was the first to grant all adult women the right to vote for it's Parliament? Answer: New Zealand in 1893
Question: Which shark-infested movie was the first to take $100 million at the box office? Answer: Jaws
Question: In Toy story, which of Woddys' boots has Andy's name written on it? Answer: The right one
Question: Bruce Willis is best known for his role of John McCain in which film series? Answer: Die Hard
Question: In what film would you find bookstore owner William Thacker and Hollywood superstar Anna Scott? Answer: Notting Hill
Question: What 1997 film was the highest grossing film of the 90's decade? Answer: Titanic
Question: What was Roger Moore's first film as James Bond? Answer: Live and Let Die
Question: What Disney film features the best belling song of 2014 Let It Go'? Answer: Frozen
Question: Monica and Ross Geller were brother and sister in which long running American television series? Answer: F.R.I.E.N.D.S
Question: Phil Redmond created with UK Television Soap Opera 18 years ago? Answer: Hollyoaks
Question: In what Soap would you expect to find Miffield Hall later renamed to Home Farm Manor? Answer: Emmerdale
Question: What Netflix exclusive programme chronicles the life of Piper Chapman and her experiences in an American State Prison? Answer: Orange is the New Black
Question: Neighbours is set Melbourne in the fictional suburb of Erinsborough but what is the name of the road in which it is set? Answer: Ramsey Street
Question: In which reality show would you expect to find siblings Kim, Khloe, Kortney, Kendell, Kylie and Rob? Answer: Keeping up with the Kardashians
Question: Faulty Towers ran for a total of four years, but how many episodes were produced and released? Answer: 12
Question: What is a soldier or airman assigned to a commissioned officer as a personal servant called? Answer: Batman
Question: According to the poet Dante, for whom were the tortures of the sixth Circle of Hell reserved? Answer: Heretics
Question: What is the sixth letter of the Greek alphabet? Answer: zeta
Question: What is the sixth planet in our Solar System? Answer: Saturn
Question: What is the name of the visit attraction in Bodelva, Cornwall, where biodomes house plants from around the world? Answer: The Eden Project
Question: What was the name for the Zimbabwean Capital 'Harare' before 1982? Answer: Salisbury
Question: What was the surname of the lead character in the 'Dirty Harry' series of movies? Answer: Harry Callahan
Question: What is the name of the home ground of Queen of the South Football Club in Dumfries, Scotland? Answer: Palmerston Park
Question: What is the name of the clerical detective created by G.K. Chesterton? Answer: Father Brown
Question: What is the real name of Actor/Comedian Robbie Coltrane? Answer: Anthony McMillan
Question: What was the real name of author George Orwell? Answer: Eric Arthur Blair
Question: What links Gerry Rafferty to Sherlock Holmes? Answer: Baker Street
Question: Whose grave in Winchelsea bears the epitaph "I told you I was ill"? Answer: Spike Milligan
Question: Where is there a barber showing photographs of every head he's had the pleasure to know? Answer: Penny Lane
Question: What fictional character lives at 32 Windsor Gardens? Answer: Paddington Bear
Question: What is the only London station to span the Thames, with entrances on both sides of the river? Answer: Blackfriars
Question: Which city connects the headquarters of OPEC, the burial place of Beethoven, and Rigsby's cat in Rising Damp? Answer: Vienna
Question: Which skier spectacularly summersaulted through 2 barriers, landing on his head, in the downhill race at the winter Olympics in Nagano. Then went on to win 2 gold medals a few days later? Answer: Hermann Maier
Question: What is the significant total reached when all the numbers on a roulette wheel are added together? Answer: 666
Question: Who is the only player to have played in both a football and cricket world cup? Answer: Sir Viv Richards
Question: Which sport features the terms cow corner, a featherbed, dibbly dobbly and a sticky dog? Answer: Cricket
Question: What will be the first city to host the summer and winter Olympics, after being chosen to stage the 2022 Winter Games? Answer: Beijing
Question: Who was the first unseeded player to win the Men's Wimbledon Singles Title? Answer: Boris Becker
Question: Who played Gary's flatmate in the first series of Men Behaving Badly? Answer: Harry Enfield.
Question: Which sitcom actor and comedian fell off a treadmill in Peter Kay's version of Amarillo for Comic Relief? Answer: Ronnie Corbett
Question: In which sitcom did Nicolas Lindhurst first gain national recognition? Answer: Butterflies
Question: Which company was founded in a draper's shop in Glasgow in 1849? Answer: House of Fraser
Question: What is the alcoholic beverage similar to cider which is made from fermented pears? Answer: Perry
Question: What former monetary unit was equal to a quarter of an old penny? Answer: Farthing
Question: What is the name of the pig in Animal Farm? Answer: Napoleon
Question: What was David Bowie's real name? Answer: David Jones
Question: Which sports commentator wrote the autobiography Unless I'm Very Much Mistaken? Answer: Murray Walker
Question: Who replaced Anneka Rice in the TV programme Treasure Hunt? Answer: Annabel Croft
Question: Which is England's highest mountain? Answer: Scafell Pike
Question: During the 1980s, which drink was promoted with the advertising slogan, 'the totally tropical taste'? Answer: Lilt
Question: Which 70s band that has recently been reformed by lead singer Les McKeown? Answer: Bay City Rollers
Question: What creature is carved into the handle of Mary Poppins' umbrella? Answer: A parrot
Question: There have been 12 prime ministers during the queen's reign. How many of them were Conservative? Answer: 8
Question: What links a village in Oxfordshire, a game show that was presented by Jasper Carrott, and David Beckham? Answer: Golden Balls
Question: When asked where should one wear perfume, who replied "Wherever one wants to be kissed" Answer: Coco Chanel
Question: Which sit com actor went on to play the original Phantom in the West End and Broadway? Answer: Michael Crawford
Question: Which 80s pop act had their Grammy revoked for not singing the vocals on their album? Answer: Milli Vanilli
Question: Which book published in 1988 and winner of the Whitbread Award, was the centre of a major international controversy? Answer: The Satanic Verses
Question: Where did the Ossis and the Wessis meet for the first time in 28 years, in 1989? Answer: The Berlin Wall
Question: Sue Johnston and Ricky Tomlinson play Jim and Barbara Royle in the Royle Family, but which other well known married couple did they play in the 80's? Answer: Bobby and Sheila Grant
Question: Which 1981 song contains the lyrics " And I've lost my light. For I toss and turn, I can't sleep at night"? Answer: Tainted Love
Question: Charlotte, Desiree and Rooster are varieties of which type of vegetable? Answer: Potato
Question: What rebellious event was organised in 1773 by the Sons of Liberty as a protest against taxation without representation? Answer: Boston Tea Party
Question: What is the spirit that is used in the cocktails Mai Tai and Daiquiri? Answer: Rum
Question: Which biennial sporting fixture was cancelled due to 9/11? Answer: Ryder Cup
Question: The rights to which children's book were bequeathed to the Great Ormond Street Hospital in 1929? Answer: Peter Pan
Question: Kopi Luwak, produced mainly in Indonesia, and a waste product of the civet, is the most expensive variety of what? Answer: Coffee
Question: Who had a hit song in the late 60s with Hazy Shade Of Winter? Answer: Simon & Garfunkel
Question: Winterfell is the house of what family in Game of Thrones? Answer: Stark
Question: What cocktail's original recipe contains the spirits tequila, vodka, light rum, triple sec, and gin, and has an alcohol content of 22%? Answer: Long Island Ice Tea
Question: How many flakes of snow have to fall in the 24 hours of the 25th December anywhere in the UK to be classified as a White christmas? Answer: One
Question: Which book was made into a 26 minute animated TV special in 1982, and had David Bowie as the narrator in the US version? Answer: The Snowman
Question: What sweet was first advertised 30 years ago featuring a polar bear? Answer: Fox's Glacier Mints
Question: Which 1983 film starring Glen Close, Jeff Goldbloom, Kevin Kline and Tom Berenger was nominated for 3 Oscars, including Best Picture? Answer: The Big Chill
Question: A character in the sitcom Friends, or a provisioner of candles and soaps? Answer: Chandler
Question: A famous guitarist, or an young attendant upon a person of rank? Answer: Page
Question: A TV series starring Bill Maynard in the early 80's, or the electrician in charge of a film set? Answer: Gaffer
Question: The actress who played Mindy in Mork and Mindy, or an artisan builder of clay walls using straw? Answer: Dawber
Question: Ronnie Barker in Open All Hours, or a craftsman who produced wooden chests? Answer: Arkwright
Question: This character lived at 11 Coronation Street, and is also the name of a leather maker? Answer: Tanner
Question: Which British mathematician created a basic computer in 1835? Answer: Charles Babbage
Question: Of what is Selenology the study? Answer: The moon
Question: Which is the oldest theatre in current use in London? Answer: The Theatre Royal, Drury Lane.
Question: What is produced in a ginnery? Answer: Cotton
Question: Which English Queen had 17 children and outlived all of them? Answer: Queen Anne
Question: Which Carry-On actor starred in Bless This House? Answer: Sid James
Question: What was the occupation of Casanova? Answer: Librarian
Question: What is the name for small round pieces of lamb, or chocolates with hazelnuts? Answer: Noisettes
Question: Who narrated the Mr Men series? Answer: Arthur Lowe
Question: Mick Robertson and Jenny Handley presented which Children's TV Programme? Answer: Magpie
Question: In Sex in the City, what was Carrie's last name? Answer: Bradshaw
Question: Who hosted Call My Bluff? Answer: Robin Ray
Question: What was Coronation Street originally to be called? Answer: Florizel Street
Question: Who starred alongside Polly James in the first series of The Liver Birds? Answer: Pauline Collins
Question: What was the name of the character played by Frances de la Tour in Rising Damp? Answer: Miss Jones
Question: 1313 Webfoot Walk, Duckburg, Calisota Answer: Donald Duck
Question: Apt 56B, Whitehaven Mansions, Sandhurst Sq, London Answer: Hercule Poirot
Question: 52 Festive Road, Putney, London Answer: Mr Benn
Question: 1313 Mockingbird Lane, Mockingbird Heights, USA. Answer: The Munsters
Question: What name was given to privateers, authorized to conduct raids on shipping of a nation at war with France, on behalf of the French crown? Answer: Corsairs
Question: In 2002, who filed for divorce from his wife Lisa Marie Presley after being married for just three months? Answer: Nicolas Cage
Question: What was the original name of Wembley Stadium? Answer: Empire Stadium
Question: Charles-douard Jeanneret-Gris  was better known as who? Answer: Le Corbusier
Question: Which British aircraft manufacturer produced the Spitfire? Answer: Supermarine
Question: Who said When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life? Answer: Samuel Johnson
Question: What was Marble Arch in London originally designed to be? Answer: The entrance to Buckingham Palace.
Question: Winner in a poll of Classic FM's most popular piece of music in 2016, which composer also wrote A London Symphony Answer: Ralph Vaughan Williams
Question: Who resides in Mansion House? Answer: The Lord Mayor of London
Question: Canary Wharf is in what London borough? Answer: Tower Hamlets
Question: Which battle of 1066 is also the name of a football ground? Answer: Stamford Bridge
Question: Statues of which political leader stand in Tavistock Square and Parliament Square? Answer: Gandhi
Question: What is the name of London's largest underground river? Answer: Fleet
Question: Which area of London is believed to derive its name from a former hunting cry? Answer: Soho
Question: Which sea has no coast? Answer: The Sargasso Sea
Question: Which Royal dynasty followed the Normans? Answer: Plantagenet
Question: Hans Riegel of Bonn, Germany, formed which confectionary company in 1920? Answer: Haribo
Question: In the Harry Potter books, what type of mythical creature is 'Fawkes'? Answer: Phoenix
Question: The songs 'Tell Me It's Not True' and 'Marilyn Monroe' come from which stage musical? Answer: Blood Brothers
Question: What name is given to a folded pizza? Answer: Calzone
Question: Which poet was buried standing upright in Westminster Abbey? Answer: Ben Johnson
Question: Pierre Basile fired the crossbow that caused the death of which English king? Answer: Richard I
Question: Which Beatles song was commissioned by the BBC to represent the United Kingdom in the first global satellite television link? Answer: All you need is love
Question: Who played lead guitar on While My Guitar Gently Weeps, on The White Album? Answer: Eric Clapton
Question: What was the name of the US stadium where the Beatles played their last ever live concert? Answer: Candlestick Park
Question: Which Album cover features 5 Beatles? Answer: Abbey Road
Question: For whom did Paul McCartney write Hey Jude? Answer: Julian Lennon
Question: What are the two States that are rectangular? Answer: Colorado and Wyoming
Question: What is the longest river in the USA ? Answer: Missouri
Question: What State was purchased from Russia in 1867 for 7.2 million dollars? Answer: Alaska
Question: Which Oscar nominated film of 2014 chronicles Martin Luther King's campaign to secure equal voting rights via an epic march? Answer: Selma
Question: Who was the last British King to rule over the US colonies? Answer: King George III
Question: What drink was invented by pharmacist Caleb Bradham in North Carolina in 1893, and marketed under the heading Delicious and Healthful? Answer: Pepsi-Cola
Question: The Path Of The Righteous Man quote from the film Pulp Fiction comes from which Book of the Bible? Answer: Ezekiel
Question: Which 2004 movie mapped the journey across South America by a young Che Guevara? Answer: The Motorcycle Diaries
Question: Which film contains the line I'm going to cut your heart out with a spoon! Answer: Robin Hood:Prince of Thieves
Question: Which country singer's story was filmed as The Coalminers Daughter in 1980? Answer: Loretta Lynn
Question: What was the name of the Yorkshire pub featured in the 1981 movie An American Werewolf in London? Answer: The Slaughtered Lamb
Question: In 1919, Chaplin formed United Artists with 3 other Hollywood greats. Name one. Answer: Douglas Fairbanks , Mary Pickford and D W Griffith
Question: How many roles did Alec Guinness play in Kind Hearts And Coronets? Answer: 8
Question: The Life of Brian was produced by Handmade Films. Who owned Handmade Films? Answer: George Harrison
Question: Which film still hold the record for using the highest number of extras? Answer: Gandhi
Question: What character has been played by Robert Donat in 1935, Kenneth More in 1959 and Robert Powell in 1978? Answer: Richard Hannay
Question: A novel by Irvine Welsh set in Edinburgh was made into which 1996 film? Answer: Trainspotting
Question: The multi Oscar winning Chariots of Fire was based on the lives of which 2 athletes? Answer: Eric Liddell and Harold Abrahams
Question: Which 1985 romantic comedy starring Alexandra Pigg and Margi Clarke was set in Liverpool? Answer: Letter To Brezhnev
Question: Peter Howitt is probably best known for playing the part of Joey Boswell in Bread, but what film did he write the screenplay for, and direct in 1998? Answer: Sliding Doors
Question: Which 80s Top 10 hit begins with the line I was happy in the haze of a drunken hour? Answer: Heaven Knows Im Miserable Now
Question: Which comedian was the host of the short lived Channel 4 programme, TV Heaven Telly Hell? Answer: Sean Lock
Question: The band Heaven 17 took their name from which Stanley Kubrick film? Answer: A Clockwork Orange
Question: According to the famous line, hell hath no fury like what? Answer: A woman scorned
Question: What was the subtitle of the 3rd film in the Hellraiser series of films? Answer: Hell On Earth
Question: What was the title of Maria McKees only UK number 1, due to its use in the film Days Of Thunder? Answer: Show Me Heaven
Question: What was the catchphrase of the Hanna-Barbera character Snagglepuss? Answer: Heavens to Murgatroyd
Question: Ron Perlman plays which comic book superhero in 2 films of the Noughties? Answer: Hellboy
Question: Brother Bones' whistled version of which song is the Harlem Globetrotter's signature? Answer: Sweet Georgia Brown.
Question: Which Dan Brown novel  is the first to feature Robert Langdon? Answer: Angels and Demons.
Question: In which US state is the Ivy League Brown University? Answer: Providence Rhode Island
Question: Who actress played Sister Sarah Brown in the1955 musical film Guys and Dolls? Answer: Jean Simmons.
Question: Who was the lead singer of the band whose only UK chart topper was  So you win again Answer: Errol Brown.
Question: Italian gynaecologist Doctor Giorgio Fischer invented which surgical procedure in 1974? Answer: Liposuction
Question: Vatsyayana completed which erotic piece of work in 400 AD? Answer: Kama Sutra
Question: A stogie is a cheap, thin what? Answer: Cigar
Question: What is the name of Inspector Gadgets dog in the childrens tv cartoon series Inspector Gadget? Answer: Brain
Question: What is the chemical compound Calcium Oxide commonly known as? Answer: Quicklime (or burnt lime)
Question: In the human body, the hallux is more commonly known by what name? Answer: Big toe
Question: The wool of a Shahtoosh shawl comes from which endangered animal? Answer: Tibetan antelope (or Chiru)
Question: The boxer Sonny Liston appears on the cover of which Beatles album? Answer: Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band
Question: Which French sculptor died in November 1917? Answer: Auguste Rodin
Question: Air & Style and X-Trail Jam are events in which sport? Answer: Snowboarding
Question: Lester B. Pearson became Prime Minister of which country in April 1963? Answer: Canada
Question: The conflict between rival political factions the Girondins and the Jacobins, during the French Revolution, was known as The Reign of what? Answer: Terror
Question: The liqueur Maraschino is flavoured with which fruit? Answer: Cherries
Question: Piemont and Lombardy are regions in which European country? Answer: Italy
Question: Fakt is the biggest-selling daily newspaper in which European country? Answer: Poland
Question: The headquarters of UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) are in which European city? Answer: Paris
Question: Who was the first black footballer to play for England? Answer: Viv Anderson
Question: In which year was singer Elvis Presley born? Answer: 1935
Question: Bert Handy, Penny Panting and Lily Duveen are all characters in which Carry On film? Answer: Carry On Regardless
